0 "How can the white be out of stock?! I've been refreshing my page for an hour trying to get to the shipping page without an error 😡🤬"
1 "Bought a Pixel 5A a little over 30 days ago. Screen has gone completely black (second major issue with the phone). Customer service refuses to allow me to return the phone.
Google , would not love to see you guys make this right."
2 """The wait is over."" Um, might want to check yourself on that, Google. Clearly the wait has just begun. Someone had an oopsie planning this rollout, eh?"
3 "Went to website, no crashes. Was being decisive for a while but ended up getting the 256 Pixel 6. Also free ear buds.👍"
4 "Or, and this might be crazy, how about emailing registered Pixel Fans a link so they can order through a portal that is not backlogged, but that would make too much sense to celebrate loyal owners, right?"
5 "Leave it to Google to screw up their own launch by having their store crash"
6 "Uh... you post this nonsense about how GREAT the new tech and chip are but apparently you forgot to load them into your own website!? Launch day and I'm running into glitches you had to KNOW were coming. Get off it!"
7 "I can't get past the error page!"
8 "Started the morning super excited but left with nothing but disappointment and error messages. #Pixel6launchfai
lure #pixel6launch🤬 My Pixel2XL keeps restarting randomly so I need a new phone and none of the other Google phones have been enough of an upgrade for me. Should I get an iPhone13 instead?"
9 "Your phones are great but so big. Please work on smaller size with same amazing picture power and Pixel tools"
10 "Hey G, we need that on-hold feature for google store. Maybe you can let us know when we can finally checkout. P6P in the cart for 1.5+ hours, checkout broken, still."
11 "Does anyone know if Android 12 will fix the wireless charging that was broken on my Pixel4XL by Google when they did a update in March?? I know they were having problems with the batteries on the Pixel 4. I had to replace mine after just a yr.. and now that I'm thinking about it it started having problems right after I bought and started using the pixel stand. Then Google did the update and my wireless charging hasn't worked since. I want my money back for the Pixel stand if I can't use it to wirelessly charge my pixel 4. Was gonna upgrade to the 6 pro but how do I know they same won't happen to the wireless charging on the pixel 6 pro too???"
12 "I felt like Ticketmaster! I was excited, but your store Crashed : Now it appears Bots bought up all the phones, how does a Pre-order Sell Out? The Wait isn't over..."
13 "I hope there will be one store in Bhutan too"
14 "The wait is over*

* if you live somewhere Google decides to sell their phones.

I don't know if any Pixel has been available in NZ without importing it somehow?"
15 "Love my pixel phone but I think Google will be loosing me as a customer for now. The Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 pro are to big compared to my pixel 3. Perhaps if they make a smaller phone in the future I will consider buying a pixel again."
16 "The store was down more than an hour already 👽"
17 "The wait is not over. The wait for your website to work is ongoing. Waiting, waiting and more waiting"
18 "Nice work, Google - selling out to bots like that."
19 "Looks like the wait isn't over site doesn't work. Then later everyone will be selling them on eBay for way much more"
20 "The store died as soon as the live event started, came back 21 minutes later, and now checkout is dead."
21 "Um...store crashed."
22 "Great, had a pro 512 in my cart during error and now that finally get pass error and says both 256 and 512 outta stock"
23 "Should have hosted your storefront on Azure. Then maybe it would have worked. 🤷"
24 "Okay, I was going to go to the Verizon retailer by me and pre order a pixel 6 pro but then I remembered that I'm pissed that my Pixel 4XL stopped working with the Google wireless charger stand I bought after Google did an update in March. Is the same thing going to happen to the pixel 6 pro if I buy it. I saw on line that there seem to be 100's of people who pixels 4 all stopped wirelessly stopped charging. If I can't use the google stand anymore because of this update I want my money back"
25 "I've got an error on shipping address page. Anyone?"
26 "Howdy, just got a Pixel 5a 3 weeks ago. Can I return it to get a Pixel 6 series? without the restocking fee? I like the 5a, but feel like it is already obsolete, and would like the 6 instead."
27 "The waiting has apparently just begun since the Google Store shows both the 256 and 512G unlocked models as ""out of stock"" already. Guess I the 4XL could be sticking around for a other year."
28 "Hello, just wondering if the pixel buds will be back in stock soon. I don't want to pre order the pixel 6 pro until Google has addressed how they are getting everyone the buds.
Thanks in advance for the reply"
29 "I tried to joy Google Fi. I bought the SIM card and set up an account, but Ican’t transfer my number and the 24/7 phone for questions doesn’t work. Does Google Fi really work?"
30 "The store crashed, was unable to purchase and now it's out of stock? How TF does a preorder become out of stock?"
31 "Lemme guess... once again not available in Portugal. oh well time to buy another bloated xiaomi or samsung"
32 "80% faster CPU, 370% faster GPU... Google is cruel with Pixel 5 owner like me 🥲"
33 "I can't wait to buy this phone on eBay for $2000"
34 "This would be great IF the website didn't crash and IF Google financing was part of YOUR COMPANY! My order didn't process with Google but did through financing and I'm still waiting for it to be corrected!! I'll never be able to order the phone I waited a year for! 😭🤬"
35 "I don't think I'll get another pixel after an android update broke my phone battery and google won't admit it or do anything about it. It's happened to thousands of people."
36 "Exactly how does pre-order get out of stock I'm so disappointed right now"
37 "Preordered my Pixel 6 Pro from Fi. Pixel 4xl user and I can't wait for these new cameras and the third-party camera integration! I'd love to finish up my degree and work at Google in the future. It seems like a great place with great minds. Pixel phones are really such great tools for everyday use."
38 "This s*** is turning out to be just like the PlayStation 5 where all bots were able to buy all consoles. and not one f****** customer this is b******* if people already have the phone on their cart they should be able to just to pay for it"
39 "Owns a Pixel 5 and not happy with my experience so far. I am with Google for a long time but the only phone I liked the most was my 2 XL. Google owes me a good phone experience so far."
40 "I managed to order one through telstra, walked into their store. Hopefully they didn't sell an out of stock phone to me. 😴"
41 "I just went on your site to order the pixel 6 pro the minute it went live, I've been a pixel owner since every phone was released, I've been a beta tester for pretty much every release of android, I'm a massive helper on google guides, via my reviews with millions of views... Ive pretty much dedicated my digital life to Google... Hell I've even endured the pixel 5!!!
Yet as a pixel superfan i cannot even manage to get a simple pre-order... The site simply didn't work despite me adding to my basket for over 2 hours and getting the sorry its not you it's us message 😭😭😭
How can it be so hard for someone like me to get my new phone ordered and pay for it in one.
I've often wondered if I could go to the dark side and go iPhone, in all honesty this latest kick in the teeth from Google may just push me over the edge.
I'm utterly utterly disappointed and not sure what I'm going to do next as I cannot stand to live with this pathetic pixel 5 any longer
😡😡"
42 "Pretty funny, still using the original, pixel XL. Want to finally update to 6, just can't finish the checkout."
43 "You soured me to your brand with two defective pixel 3XLs and poor customer service. I am having a really hard time talking myself into trusting the name again."
44 "This is a big pile of b******* I had to f****** phone on my cart and it keep telling me I couldn't pay for it and then all of a sudden it goes out of stock what kind of s*** is this"
45 "Wasted a hour and a half of my life trying to refresh your store! It's been in my cart the whole time but wouldn't let me check out!!!!! Now it's out of stock?? Are you kidding me???????"
46 "Google, a 🤬 huge company, spying on everything that moves, and get servers for their 🤬 pixel launch to have decent experience. What a 🤬 joke they are!"
47 "Got to checkout then my pixel pro was removed from cart due to being ""out of stock"". So lame."
48 "Store crashed still can't checkout."
49 "Look like the scalpers won again."
50 "Dear Google please keep Google translate off of my facebook page I speak English and don't need to have it translated into a different language"
51 "There was a problem with the battery on the pixel 4. They were supposedly going to replace it for free but when I went to the I fix it place they didn't know anything about it so I paid a 100 to have my battery replaced"
52 "Umm if I can’t change fonts on Android 12, I’m not going with this. Certain fonts let you read faster.. Bring back serif fonts!"
53 "I really want to love my new Pixel 6 but it will go back to the dealer tomorrow, I'll stick to my Pixel 4. No face unlock, no ""mobile"" this thing is huge, and not even the Pro!? The fingerprint sensor failed already on me many times, and i only got the phone for like 7 hours... i really want to like it, but its just not as good as expected."
54 "when will you have the ear buds back in stock, I want to order a 6Pro but want the free ear buds."
55 "an hour of trying and still the site has crashed. again........"
56 "One of the worst customer experiences I have had in awhile. Ordered an older phone and got a delivery date. This date kept moving to the right and I called them to tell them that I needed the phone by a certain date for travel. They promised it would be here a day or two early. Got the shipping confirmation and it is coming the day I leave. No way to cancel the order and they said to deny the delivery when it arrives, which is hard to do when you are out of the country. I was tempted to try Google Fi, but with the way this was dealt with I will stick with what I already have."
57 "not the size no... too big and too heavy"
58 "I took a break from google when they dropped the ball on the battery life on their phones. Now I see they followed trend instead of what worked on their phones. They did not listen to the people that buy their phones and use them. No power brick and then guilt us with all the environment talk. Finger print scanner on the front instead of the back where it worked all the time to now on the screen so one cannot buy a phone case that truly protects the phone. Yes the screens will break just like every other phone out there. Ya screwed up again google. Please start listening to us."
59 "2.5 hours later... I was not able to get the 6 Pro but was able to get the 6. Been using google phones since Nexus 5X Been a customer of Google Fi from the start. I tried to get the phone through the Google Fi site but it kept dumping out. So I went to the Google store where I had the same problems. But sort of glad I did. Ya, see for some reason the store valued my trade-in 100 dollars higher than the Google Fi site. After all these years the Fi side of the house wanted to short me??? WTF???"
60 "Lol, good to hold horses and wait for tg deals. Based on p4 experience 😅"
61 "Does RCS work yet? Is there integration with iMessage so I don’t get microscopic shared videos in group texts?"
62 "When should I expect my refund since my order was cancelled?"
63 "Hi Google, is Pixel 6 eventually be available in Singapore ? I know we are not the first 8 countries to pre book."
64 "Would be nice if they even said something about it but nope Google cant be trusted to communicate."
65 "If the 6 is better than the 4, then it must be worth every penny 🤣👍👍 . I LOVE my Pixel 4a! Thanks, Google!"
66 "Just got thru to checkout. After 3hrs, pixel 6 pro is mine."
67 "Literally applied for financing on this figuring it was going to be faster, just play the refresh game for 45 minutes and find out they're sold out. Talk about irritating."
68 "I was trying to order. Hope the store gets fixed soon."
69 "Wait is back for me. Was in my cart, now sold out. Any time frame for back in stock? 512 gb black pro."
70 "Yeah, I'm watching the Live Launch event. I absolutely love it. ❤️"
71 "And as a complete shocker to all your missing phones, ebay seems to have soooooo many new ones 😂"
72 "God, if you exist, please, send it to me pleeeeeease 🥺
Only one Google pixel 6 Pro 🙇‍♀️ Google"
73 "PHONES ARE GOOD SHAME THEIR CUSTOMER SUPPURT BLOWS WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER GIFT CARD EVER AGAIN THE PHONE IS THE ONLY THING I MIGHT EVER BUY FROM THEM EVER AGAIN"
74 "*Finger print scanner doesn't work with screen protector

The only thing I don't like about this phone is the placement of the finger print scanner.

Having it on the back was so convenient, and not disruptive my user experience, and it ALWAYS WORKED.

The scanner as apart of the screen looks cool, but isn't as practical. I can't even put a screen protector on my new phone because if I did the scanner won't work.

Please start providing screen protectors (that will work) with the phone, just go back the way things were. Nice and simple"
75 "Was trying to get this and google needed me to sign in on my Verizon account but verizon locked me out and I'm stuck"
76 "Yup error on checkout..."
77 "Terrible launch. Bad ordering experience, there was more talk than actual content during the keynote, very limited embargos. 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 Think I might finally switch."
78 "I wish this was sold in PH... so many pixel fans here... Google"
79 "My girlfriend and I are planning on purchasing two Pixel 6 Pros, we looked and it seems like the Sorta Sunny color version is only listed with 128gb will there be a 256gb version coming soon?"
80 "I'm here for the...Ummm The Store Crashed Comments!! 🤣🤣🤣"
81 "Waiting for it to be available in Singapore."
82 "Both me and my daughter have a pixel 3..pushed update early this morning..toaste
d both phones ..never again google"
83 "No Pixel in store @ Austria 😡"
84 "Pixel 6 ordered..woohoo"
85 "You guys already out of stock for the storm black pixel 6 pro in 256 gb and 512 gb"
86 "Now it's all sold out except the 128 gm model. what a mess"
87 "I think you could've done better on the colors but overall it looks like a pretty sweet phone."
88 "Speaking of oopsies. Because of the issues with the storefront, my order was billed to PayPal instead of Google's financing option. Google's solution is for me to give up my order for the 6 Pro 512gb, and place a new order for the out of stock phone..."
89 "Make it available in HK please"
90 "That doesn't change that I'ma be your next fav Producer follow my page ❤️"
91 "Finally able to order my mother's pixel 6 but it won't let me order my pixel pro keep getting error OR-SOFF-01"
92 "Hey Google, why can't I get through to anyone in Google store support? It's been 3 days trying to talk to a customer service agent"
93 "Is Google going to release a statement about the botched release of these new phones? What's happening is leaving a lot of people with unnecessary worries about if they're going to get the new phone they've been waiting for.
I know I am while I type this on my Pixel 2!"
94 "I tried to buy this phone and now my life is ruined."
95 "Can't checkout. I don't recall Apple having similar issues when they launch stuff!"
96 "What an embarrassing launch.
I still think the phone will be great though."
97 "I came here, just to plead to Google, to please end the onslaught that is the Google Fi commercials. They are horrible. I hate them. Please stop this."
98 "I need help in accessing the money my videos have earned and need to speak to a human in google!"
99 "Coming from Pixel 2 I've tried the Pixel 5, 5a, and 6, and have noticed that with all three of these latest phones, the display is a huge step DOWN from the pixel 2. The 5, 5a, and 6, all give me eye strain almost immediately. There is a slight blur to the image -- text and lines are not as sharp as on the Pixel 2. Colors do not pop as well as on Pixel 2. Viewing angles are horrible compared to Pixel 2. What is going on here? I've read about other people experiencing these same issues - particularly the eye strain. This is unacceptable."
100 "Will the Pixel 6 line get unlimited high-quality backup with Google Photos??"
101 "I would pre order to get the free pixel buds but the pixel buds are out of stock now? Do we just lose out on that now?"
102 "Thanks Google. Put what I wanted in my cart. Your checkout crashed, and by the time it was fixed, it was all out of stock. Seriously? Google. You own all the data farms on earth.. and your store was over loaded? How is that even possible?"
103 "Have you fixed the hardware issues from the Google Pixel 4 XL? I have my second one of those that is now having issues again in just over a year. Can you send me one of these free for the troubles I have been having?"
104 "But............
Not in Singapore. Again. Sorry but I'm gonna jump ship now. My 3XL already dead here."
105 "I'm waiting till you lift the embargo and we can see some independent reviews."
106 "I swear ordering this phone has been hell. Your customer service has been a nightmare. By the way thanks for trying to charge my credit card twice. Once for the pre order and again during while releasing it for shipment. The three way call with my credit card company was nice with your support team. Who do you guys hire for customer service?"
107 "I was able to order one on the 20th with the Pixel buds pre-order bonus and a case, but the delivery estimate is weeks apart on each item. Buds next week, case mid November, Phone Dec. 1. Is there a way to get everything in just one package with the phone? I really don't care about the pixel buds to be honest and obviously don't need the case without the phone"
108 "Got one a pro through Verizon no problem"
109 "after continuously clicking trying to buy for an hour and a half, not it says my item is out of stock and has been removed from my cart.. are you kidding me???"
110 "Please launch in Singapore!!"
111 "Won't let you buy the pixel pass"
112 "Can't even preorder with at&t
:/
Not looking good"
113 "No tmobile still :("
114 "Get an error everytime I try to checkout. For 3 days now"
115 "Just 5 minutes ago I just ordered the stormy Black version it's in stock 128 GB only"
116 "pixel is probably the best bang for the buck"
117 "Google still haven't gotten my email with code for pixel A buds promotion. Bought the 6 pro"
118 "Ordered mine!"
119 "Best phone I ever owned. The speed is just crazy."
120 "Finally checkout went through, pixel 6 256gb seafoam"
121 "You locked me out of my Google account and my term papers are in there. Please for the love of God help me get back in. I've tried everything. What Google God did I make mad for this to happen to me."
122 "I was going to pre order too but then I was like I think I'm going to wait till they get all the bugs out first"
123 "Did any real people actually get one? All sold out now, the wait continues"
124 "Please launch the phone in Singapore too."
125 "Speaking about Pixel y6 is okay. What happened to Google showing Diwali icon? Very disappointed."
126 "How do you contact customer service for Google pixel phone issues?"
127 "When will the Google phone available officially in Malaysia ~ ?"
128 "Only black if you want more storage??"
129 "Hey Tucker your wireless charging still work on your Pixel 4??"
130 "I’m waiting for the camera and the performace of new tensor chip testing 😙"
131 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
132 "i waiting 512GB white pixel 6 pro."
133 "I ordered mine from the Google store on 10-21... It is saying estimated delivery December 1st. is that accurate?"
134 "it seems that on mediamarkt.de they are available, can anyone confirm?
or are they just in pre-order?"
135 "Could Google activate VoLTE in Finland as soon as possible? Or in the Nordics preferably?"
136 "My next smartphone in 2023.Still happy with Pixel 3xl"
137 "Please fix the fingerprint sensor. ""Really"""
138 "Get a f*ng iPhone instead. You’re welcome"
139 "Not when you bricked my 2 year old pixel 3xl, for absolutely no reason. I'm not biting."
140 "How do I get some direct help getting back into my gmail account?"
141 "where to buy."
142 "Terrible launch. Finally got one."
143 "So the ""Sorta Sunny"" Pro only comes in 128GB..why did you even waste your time producing it. What a Joke!!!"
144 "Sold out in less than an hr gg"
145 "Thanks for Android 12. It has made my phone completely unusable."
146 "When can we get this in Singapore?"
147 "What a leap for google 💪💪"
148 "All sold out wtf Google now I got to buy a Samsung"
149 "WHERE IS THE 256GB SORTA SUNNY OPTION???? 😭😭😭
Do I have to wait until it becomes available as an option? If so, how long?"
150 "How can a pre-order sell out?"
151 "Why is no one answering the phone? My code isn't working on my card"
152 "Anyone else watching Google play hopscotch with the delivery date on their pixel 6 order?"
153 "I have an error that I can't recover my account, can anyone here help me?"
154 "I want it 😍"
155 "why does my pixel pro 512gb delivery date keep moving forward ??? was 28th then 30th and now 12th nov"
156 "I liked as we’l. !!"
157 "Will there be a Google watch anytime soon ?"
158 "How can I buy it from UAE?"
159 "I know how u can get one"
160 "When does the Gulf arrive?"
161 "The wait is over... You just have to wait a few months for it to be shipped... Lol"
162 "Hope will came to malaysia"
163 "Any chance there is a loyalty deal?"
164 "what about offering in whole europe?"
165 "Has anyone been able to complete a pre-order?"
166 "When do you have stock?"
167 "Google stop show us intrusive ads all the time can't get on to anything on Google with some kind of ad"
168 سقس
169 "I really need one"
170 "Does the cancellation of AdSense affect my YouTube Account?"
171 "In Italia non siamo degni di poterlo acquistare in anticipo come gli altri paesi e tantomeno di usufruire dell'offerta che include le cuffie. Grazie Mille"
172 "Can I have the calling number of Google support team?"
173 "Smaller phones? Why?"
174 ၊၊
175 We
176 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??"
177 A
178 "Si es fq hubiera ñq te XD si a XSD Zsww que q2w1e, ya s"
179 ش
180 "keep R013 then telling you the black 256gb P6Pro sold out wtf?"
181 "Hi x"
182 ضظش
183 "اريد التواصل مع فريق دعم جوجل"
184 CXC
185 Kool
186 Ok
187 هههه
188 "Vreau sa fac o sesizare la google services, care este adresa de email ?"
189 "Can someone tell me how to delete my gmail account??????"
190 "দামে বেশি, মানে ভালো
এটাই গুগোল"
191 Lo
192 "gg j mm mcuu66yn6 3m.mn e3yggyog"
193 "Antalyada ust soluylum yolari doktoru"
194 "لو سمحت عايزه اشترى الفون ده ومش متوفر فمصر"
195 "After all a smarter phone don't really fit well in our real world"
196 Amen
197 "You should have Bethel, Alaska on Google street view."
198 "google çeviri de fotoğrafla çeviri özelliği için teşekkür ederim. :)"
199 Iu7
200 PďddX.
201 "How secure is your phone if Google can access it to change things without your consent and knowledge?"
202 "ผม

ฝ

ผม"
203 "need google cam for infinix note8."
204 سکسک
205 "W . . .

. ..."
206 kaja
207 Okay
208 89876⁴
209 "5G: n1, n2, n5, n12, n25, n28, n41, n66, n71, n77, n78 T-Mobile p6p list shows NO MM WAVE!?"
210 x
211 "По 66 ❤️г
☑️

🙏7"
212 G.
213 "V h"
214 "I wish AT&T didn’t make the mistake ON THEIR END — take away my upgrade eligibility with AT&T Next Up™️ and now refusing to help a long time customer… so now I’m stuck with this expensive iPhone I’m tired of. I would LOVE to get a Pixel. I used to have Android phones, but always hated the bloatware. Loving the Pixel Pro! It definitely will be my next phone, when I don’t know 😢😡 thanks to AT&T."
215 "*,RCx""*"" '""'"
216 "Added to my cart the minute it would let then wouldn't let me checkout for over an hour with constant refresh and now its out of stock😂, we'll I tried,this roll out was horrible maybe you should have limited purchases to one per customer or something."
217 "google driver của tôi có vấn đề từ 23h đêm qua"
218 "Constant errors. Can't even get into my cart to clear it out"
219 "Now every pixel pro is out of stock!!! Wow! I guess great for the scalpers and ebay but I'm not buying one from them."
220 "Mohammed Alamin
اها كيف وكيف🙄"
221 Xnxx
222 "It's crazy at how well Google does photography with this aging sensor on the Pixel 5. Given all of Apples improvements Pixel is still right up there. This makes me more excited for the Pixel 6 !"
223 "Been trying to buy one since 1:00. No luck. Store is broken."
224 Good
225 "Finally got it to order on Sprint using my laptop."
226 "I just need a phone with good speakers"
227 "When will you add the Google Pixel 6 Pro to Amazon Canada?"
228 "I like it but a mini would be nice"
229 "The Pixel 6 looks really good."
230 Hello
231 wow
232 "Kxnchxhck hbxjg"
233 Google
234 "The last and distinguishing feature is"
235 nice
236 wow
237 wow
238 wow
239 "Now you know why I don't own a single mobile phone and haven't for over 20 years."
240 "Hey Google hi"
241 "Neu noi toi hon ban thi toi khong dam.vi toi con hoc hoi ban rat nhieu."
242 wow
243 "Como estas"
244 "Why is this phone nog available in Belgium, come on, Google, be like Apple!"
245 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=aIXyKmEl
vv8"
246 "Inna Grynova"
247 "Stuart Tamplen"
248 "dfk jgbc bn"
249 "Mariag Correa Gonzalez"
250 "Saras Chokupermal"
251 "Manuel Deas"
252 "Diên Hồ"
253 "Diana Noriega"
254 wow
255 ,
256 Cc.
257 💖👌🏼👏🏼
258 1
259 "Casper Gjerde Schumacher"
260 😐😅
261 "Kassandra 📱"
262 0
263 ".
."
264 "Nguyễn Uyên"
265 👍
266 -
267 -
268 /
269 "Shwen Lyng"
270 +
271 .
272 "Got one at best buy. Same price."
273 "Google
Why don't you do a compact design for people who love small smartphones like me"
274 "This looks wonderful. Could you make a smaller one with the same new, great camera? These new phones are far too large to put in one's pocket. It'd be ideal if you had one the same size as the Pixel 3a."
275 "Woohoo was able to get it Pro pre ordered!!"
276 "Wow. Must not have enough. Got one in the cart and errors keep popping up. I'll judt wait until its in the stores."
277 "What happened google home cannot link xiaomi home iot?"
278 "What a joke. I might have no choice but to make the jump to an Iphone."
279 "I have a pixel 6 pro and I need technical support and have been unable to speak with any human being and regards to help with this phone. Please help"
280 "Hello Google! I know the deal with the Pixel buds is available only while supplies last but can you please let the option to preorder them with the Pixel 6?"
281 "I ordered the Pixel 6 Pro 512GB variant through Verizon! Got a case coming from Amazon also."
282 "How can I get the Bose 700 headphones offer? It ends tonight and I cannot find a way to pre-order with this promotion. Is it not available in the US???"
283 "Flawless, the camera is sick🤘🔥"
284 "COOL

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥"
285 "I just don't understand why one of the largest cloud provider, along with the world's best engineers, can't host their store website properly?"
286 "My phone sat in the cart for 20 minutes, then it gets deleted by the server and says the phone is sold out...🖕"
287 "Feeling ripped off. Pre-ordered the pixel 6 pro and getting free pixel buds ($99US) which is nice. But UK customers are getting free Bose headphones ($379US). Seems unfair to the US/Canada customers."
288 nice
289 nice
290 "Definitely don't let them ship you this phone. I never received it. They used FedEx which is the worst shipping company right now. I never got my phone and since it shows ""delivered"" on the tracking, they don't care to help."
291 right
292 "Hi Google

Thought I would bring this to your attention. Scammers are abusing your platform to send out scam texts. I think you need to address this as so far there have been 3 sent to me. All 3 I have traced back to your platform. All three have been scam texts. The scammers are doing something called caller id spoofing replacing the number they are texting from with an australian number. The link in the text is what I trace and all 3 ip addresses are traced back to your platform."
293 "I need my account number 9294967181 I can't remember it. What's the fee for pay pal"
294 "I contacted customer service several times this week. I was unable to talk to somebody and they send me emails saying that they are sorry they can help me. if you do not have the capacity to sell phones and provide services stop offering those.
I thought I was making a good decision buying a pixel phone. I was wrong.
It is frustrating.😡"
295 "https://
5billionsales.co
m/affiliate/
sennaouy"
296 "What's wrong with your customer service? Why can't I get help? Please help me."
297 "https://
www.theblaze.com
/news/
new-report-sound
s-massive-priva
cy-invasion-ala
rm-for-mobile-p
hone-users-dele
te-google-chrom
e-on-your-phone"
298 "Looks like a decent set of phones. Too bad their support is so terrible. Even as a Google Fi customer for years, I've recently had multiple help support tickets open for weeks now and nobody is working on them. As of now I do not recommend their Fi service, and be careful about buying from their store as well. That's where my issue began. #googlepixel #GoogleFi"
299 "It doesn’t matter if you have great products and you can’t ship them.
You delayed my shipment 5 times already and your customer services team is hopeless and can’t help
Google is treating customers poorly…. 🤬"
300 "Awful lot of false advertising with these phones. You lied about the max charging speed, you lied about the performance, and lied about the battery life. I smell a class action lawsuit brewing, and I'm not the only one. A quick look at the Pixel subreddit and you'll see a LOT of people are talking about starting one."
301 "Buy in 1688 in english
Pay in naira direct on website and ship with shiping company without any agent
Safe more money win more bussiness
learn more :www.echanmall.c
om
PLS contact：+86 13302388245(wec
hat&whatspp)"
302 "I ordered mine 3 weeks ago during preorder, FedEx lost the shipment and there's no way to contact Google about it, I love paying 800 for a phone and not actually getting it....."
303 "I purchased two Pros in black on pre-order, received one, but y'all took my money for two. 8hrs of trying to get in touch with customer service with two reps hanging up on me after saying hello. Now I'm in the second week and 3rd email of confirming my address. Like come on you made Google earth and I've checked, the image sent by the courier who delivered the single phone (in a box physically unable to fit two like label said) looks a lot like the one on Google earth. The $10 voucher for my patience is a laughable as well. I am just looking for some actual answers like we have you in line for the next available or here's a discount or the option to get my money back. Good luck to those in the same situation as I."
304 "انا صاحب الصورة عاصم محمد ياسين الدسوقي نمرة ت ٠١٠٩٦٥٨٠٦٩٣وشكر
ا مصري الجاءذة بالدولار الأمريكي وشكرا"
305 "Ik weet niet hoe ik de boodschap anders bij jullie moet krijgen. Er is iets mis op Youtube. Ik heb het beeldscherm gefilmd; kijk maar even: https://
youtu.be/
iB_7zl032Z8
PS Op het gekoppelde email-adres kan ik ook niet inloggen."
306 "Not sure why google charged me and then refunded me the price of the phone on my credit card twice when the phone hasn’t shipped yet."
307 "Pre ordered within hours of launch. EDD 24 January! Phone that was shown in stock still hasn't shipped! Done with Google after 3 pixles. Their customer service is absolutely garbage!"
308 "Богатый функционал и хорошая камера у нового смартфона от Google ."
309 "Except the phones are not connecting with the cell phone companies networks. And if they do, they constantly lose connection and can't be used in any manner. Is there going to be a fix for this? Otherwise the phone is completely useless as it doesn't make or receive calls, make or receive texts or anything else"
310 "Itschurchesjesu
schristbacteria
georgewashingto
nwritesbooksgeo
rgewashingtonba
nkofthewestthef
dacdcgeorgewash
ingtonwellsfarg
othefdacdcgeorg
ewashingtonbank
ofamericathefda
cdcgeorgewashin
gtonbankofalbuq
uerquethefdacdc
georgewashingto
nonmentalmedici
nesprescribingm
edicine"
311 "C®c faaaaà,,😁😁}:‑):-D:-D}:‑):
-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:
-D}:‑):,-):,-):
-D:-D:-D:-D:-D}
:‑):-D:,-):-D}:
‑):-D:-D:-D}:‑)
:-D:-D}:‑). V. Fàaaffaafàaaaaz
çfaààdfff.f
Sáafs cc fàs ffs ffacafaaaàfàFfa
aafpofl good ffffffkahfllflh
lfkfkflflfjdlfj
flfkfhfkflfkfkp
ff"
312 "You idiots need to fix the date/time to where it doesn't change constanly. Incompetent clowns."
313 "Who named earth? No answer you say
But all other planets named by man?
Hmm only real intelligence can answer the 1st ?"
314 "Gentlemen google gmail, my account has been hacked and all my data is not stolen.. and the automated system understands that it changed everything.. the account was created in 2015. Please help me"
315 "¿Sabías que tu salud financiera gira en torno a tu puntaje de credito?Por eso la información que contiene tu informe de crédito debe ser lo más precisa y actualizada posible. Basado en la Ley de Crédito Justo, nuestros expertos en crédito disputan todo elemento erróneo, negativo, obsoleto e inexacto en su informe de crédito. Te enseñaremos la información exacta que necesitas proporcionar al Buró de Crédito para usar la Ley de Justicia en Informes de Crédito a tu favor y disputar las calificaciones negativas que te pueden estar impidiendo obtener un nuevo crédito. Llame para su consulta gratis 877-905-8771 Pagina www.britecredit
repair.com"
316 super
317 ewow
318 super
319 super
320 oe
321 +
322 +
323 "Very interesting :)"
324 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=-IV9qjL8
zI0"
325 wow
326 super
327 Nice
328 "Md Nurul Amin"
329 "Md Nurul Amin"
330 "Asslam o alikum every one
How are you
Plz subscribe
FLC GAMING YT
👇👇👇
https://
youtube.com/
channel/
UCUrNbCKDNC_Mz2q
iwHzYPGg
👆👆👆
PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ
Need 1 k subscribe
Plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz"
331 "I use Chromecast for a lot of streaming from a laptop. I have never had an issue until today. While EVERYTHING else streams properly, when I try and stream FOX Nation I get OOPS, r.toLowerCase is not a function. Is Google playing games????"
332 "Google censorship is interfering with a missing person search. I posted this enhancement of a missing person photo to Youtube where a missing person case is discussed (video title: WMAQ NBC 5 Chicago Signoff (1991) Channel 5 WMAQ-TV Off Air Flag Raising Missing Person). My comment is being shadowbanned (it looks like posted but you reload page and it's deleted). When I try to repost, it also deletes my 2 previous comments!!! I feel anger and disgust towards Google. Because I think this Google censorship starting to be seriously harmful for the society. I cannot post the image here because Google banned posting images and if I post a link on Fakeblock, Fakeblock censors it. I feel anger and disgust towards Fakeblock. So you won't see the enhanced photo unless you send me a message so that I can send it to you personally."
333 "Hasta cuándo seguirán robando descaradamente a sus usuarios"
334 "From watches to toys to car accessories we have it all we even have holiday decor. Go to www.rayjamesonl
inebazar.com to shop today"
335 "I am elderly. My address was changed to a different neighborhood 1.5 years ago. Not even same street name. Emergency responders cannot find me. Food/groceries delivery cannot find me. I have reported this via your app and BBB but Nothing has been fixed. What is wrong with you? You put people at risk by dropping addresses!"
336 gsrgdsa
337 fsffffef
338 "My phone was recently hacked by a suspicious device by the name ""Linux"" since there is no messaging option for me to reach out to you guys I am reaching out here I need some help!"
339 "Shontelle's not doing her job. Please fire her now."
340 "Google has announced they will begin requiring two factor authentication,
password, plus a texted authentication code. I see this as a bad thing for anyone who doesn't have a cell phone, as they'll lose access to their account. A lot of poor people have prepaid accounts, and intermittent lapses in service because they have problems affording to pre-pay. I'm hoping they will offer an alternative authentication method that doesn't require an additional device, either that, or make the two factor thing optional, as other services do. Many homeless around here have email at the library as their only means of electronic communication. Social services, employers, potential employers, others, even Social Security communicate via email, and with only 4 days notice, there's no way these people will be able to set up an alternative email and notify everyone. The very poor don't need an additional kick in the teeth by Google."
341 "Someone please gift me"
342 "Laura Harris"
343 "Pre-ordered right after it was listed on google store. shipping date keeps on changing. Nov 20 is new estimated delivery date. 🙄🙄"
344 "Two weeks ago, I got my new Pixel 4a phone. I was blown away by the camera - the main reason why I bought it. But, unfortunately, I dropped my phone from a not too high height about 50 centimeters from the ground. It had a phone case and a screen cover. But, the phone screen cracked from the inside and now I no more have a phone that works. I am so disappointed at Google for charging almost $350 for a phone this fragile. This is to say, I highly advice you to not purchase a google phone."
345 "Hi everyone! I just got my Pixel 6 Pro and one thing I noticed is that the camera turns to a 2mp vga camera during video chats on facebook messenger, whatsapp, and instagram. Although it was awesome when we tried it on google meet video chat. So I was wondering if other people do experience the same thing because I do video chats so often and it's a major turn off for me honestly. I was reading on reddit that a few people have been reporting that issue as well so I wanted to get insights on other social media platforms too."
346 "Hey Google, instead of inventing more crap, how about a customer service phone number??? Been locked out of my account for a week now, I need more then the account recovery page!!!"
347 "Google your new Android 12 update causes photosensitive seizures. You need to fix it."
348 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
349 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
350 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
351 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
352 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
353 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
354 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
355 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
356 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
357 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
358 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
359 "is mixed. up , but please your heardware asap"
360 "today, i am trying to search a medical website, and google again is saying they ""are spying on me? why. Maybe there"
361 "google is sending unanimous messages that they tracking my requests, exam. needed sunday to check animal service in los angeles. Google, said i must have WF. WHAT COMPANY IS THIS that demands we waste and have W-F?"
362 "Google, i hardly use your system, not only on the internet"
363 "Customer service is ridiculous. I have been trying to solve an issue with the payments center since August. I keep contacting support which always ends up the discussion by saying that they are transferring to an expert and that I will receive an email. Never received anything.
Had greater expectations from Google, shame on you."
364 "Apparently I can't tag them either! What crap service!"
365 "So how about trying to get a hold of your customers service team? Is my phone lost now 🤣? It's still the wrong phone no ear buds and trying to send a message now apparently that's down too. Way to go Made by Google"
366 "Hey Google really curious why i can't get anyone on chat or a number to call. So disappointed with my experience with the google store. I set up financing. Purchased the google pixel 6 pro in white. And got the A series pixel buds with promo. Now my card was put on hold. Lifted the 29th. And got an email from google there is still an issue and account on hold. When there is not. I have called and have a statement from google financing showing google store cancelled my phone purchase and is now charging me for the ear buds. This us so unfair its ridiculous. Please call me google. I'm confused and so so upset over this. I just want what i worked hard to purchase. We love google! Please reach out."
367 "Whatever you do make sure you don't talk negative about google because the admin will just block you. They did me at Google 1"
368 "https://
www.blogger.com/
profile/
0905561989937417
1940 How do I get you to stop hosting my blogs with an unkonw blogger tag?"
369 "Once again, Google and others suppressing conservative speech! From WND... Dear friend of WND,

After all the devastating attacks Big Tech has unleashed on WND – Google massively suppressing our traffic with its search algorithm, YouTube de-monetizing our channel, Facebook confining WND to “Facebook jail” and so on – you might wonder what else the Big Tech oligarchs could possibly do to hurt us even more?

Well, the grand prize goes to Google, which informed WND this past week that it intends to completely de-monetize the influential 25-year-old Christian conservative news site. “We’ll be disabling ad serving on the site wnd.com in 4 business days, on 11/01/21,” Google has informed us.

That, explains our advertising team, would cut our online ad revenue – the largest component of WND’s income – roughly in half, since not only would all Google ads be gone, but many of the ads from alternate ad services as well, since they almost all utilize Google Ad Manager to serve their ads. (Google, we’re told, is to online advertising what the interstate highway system is to road travel; it’s really hard to travel serious distances without using them.)

According to Google’s “Violation Explanation,” it seems your favorite news site is loaded with “dangerous or derogatory content,” as well as “misrepresentat
ive content” and “unreliable and harmful claims.”

“We do not allow content,” explain the Google overlords, “that incites hatred against, promotes discrimination of, or disparages an individual or group on the basis of their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, age, nationality, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, or other characteristic that is associated with systemic discrimination or marginalization
.” Or which “harasses, intimidates, or bullies an individual or group of individuals.”

Translation: Dare to report honestly on the insane transgender agenda – where boys in dresses raping teenage girls in school restrooms is ignored by the school board, where “biological men” can compete in and destroy women’s athletics, and where a man who identifies as a woman becomes “the first female 4-star admiral in history” – and you’re “inciting hatred” and “promoting discrimination.
”

And what about WND’s supposedly “unreliable and harmful claims”? Google tells us it does “not allow content that makes claims that are demonstrably false and could significantly undermine participation or trust in an electoral or democratic process. [Or which] promotes harmful health claims, or relates to a current, major health crisis and contradicts authoritative scientific consensus.”

Translation: Reporting truthfully and accurately on the Biden administration’
s insane mismanagement of the COVID pandemic – from imposing vaccine mandates that are shutting down the country right now, to suppressing early outpatient treatment of COVID with inexpensive, proven-safe-and
-effective medications that could have prevented hundreds of thousands of COVID deaths in America, to pretending “natural immunity” isn’t real even though 92 studies prove it’s superior to vaccine immunity – is not allowed. Only the official narrative – you know, the one that’s killing America – is allowed.

Ironically, a key component of WND’s “dangerous, derogatory, unreliable and harmful” content (in Google’s eyes) has to do with comments posted by WND’s loyal readers. So, for example, if a reader posts his or her personal views in WND’s commenting section, and if what they express goes against the woke, Marxist ideology of the internet’s gatekeepers, then WND is held responsible. Got that? This is obviously idiotic, since an enraged, drooling, leftwing, pajama-clad activist living in his mother’s basement could easily fill WND’s commenting section with outrageous statements intended to get us de-monetized by Google! You can’t make this stuff up.

Unfortunately, it’s all too real, which is why we have temporarily suspended all commenting on WND stories while we give our tech team the time to figure out how to bring back WND commenting without triggering Google’s delicate and tyrannical woke sensibilities. To be clear: Once we bring commenting back online, we will not be censoring comments (unless of course they’re pornographic, obscene, openly racist, promoting violence, etc.), but rather, we’re working on a technological fix that will allow us to restore commenting while also allowing WND to continue to exist – and to report boldly and truthfully, as we have for 25 years!

Of course, Google also says it is triggered by our regular published news content, particularly these three big topics: “COVID misinformation,
” allegations of voter fraud, and the transgender issue.

For the record, WND will not cease, nor slow down in any way, from reporting honestly and boldly on these issues. We cannot betray our very reason for existing as a news organization – reporting on the crucial developments that matter most to our readers, and which are currently ripping our country apart and destroying the next generation – and doing it with courage, accuracy and professionalism
, and with a Christian spirit."
370 "Wont allow me to purchase with your financing because I already have existing account, however no way to check out using my existing account only to apply for a new one."
371 "Too bad they followed this up with crap service...I'm still waiting for my Pixel 6 phone that I ordered in the first hour of the first day of preorder. I'm currently waiting in a long chat line to cancel the order and prevent it from getting shipped to me so I can avoid the hassle of returning something."
372 "Άντε γαμηθειται πουτανοπαιδα όλοι σάς πουτανοπαιδα γέννας είστε"
373 "actualizarea modelului ok google nu s-a descarcat"
374 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Little-Princess-
online-shop-106
280871859273/"
375 "Bbh jihhV jibgh h b7u n"
376 Emmm..right..👍
377 "I don't like it, because of the Trade they give very little value of Samsung s21"
378 "Hey Google...that was an epic failure of a launch! How in Gods name where you not prepared for that? I would have felt better if you had marketed the pre-order for only 128GB phones and will all be available for delivery in December/
January...It also seemed as if all the carriers, case and screen protector companies were left out on all pre order details until the last minute (which now doesn't matter since the devices are delayed). This was a botched launch and terrible for the everyday customer. If you didn't have so many reviewers on this so called TeamPixel and give them all phones to review, you might have actually had some phones left for paying customers. Signed, unhappy and waiting but loyal customer."
379 "Презеденту компании Гугол
от
Власова Дмитрия
Украина.
Vlasovdmitrii9@
gmail.com

Обращения

Привет я гражданин Украины меня завут Дмитрий Власов я обращяюсь к вашему владельцу компании с просьбой не содрудничять и не дружить с властями Российской федерации!
Обясняю вам что Россия является апасной режимной государства которое ущемляет права людей, а также дествуют как и раньше репресии против своего народа и за их не согласен с властями РФ.
Прошу пожалуста не вкоем случии не передавайте властям РФ личные данные пользуватилей иностранных граждан включяя граждан России и стран СНГ, прошу пожалуста не предоставляйте им право доступа к вход в наши личные кабинеты пользуватилей чтоб они не смогли не только добыть наши личные данные но мугут знать где мы находимся и находятся наши родные для ареста или ликвидации их наших жизнии на смерть , они могут через нашы личные кабинеты ликвидировать сайты, аккаунты, данные и плоть аккаунта.
Я ОБРАЩЯЮСЬ К ВАМ МНОГОУВАЖАЕММЫЙ
ВЛАДЕЛЕЦ-ПРЕЗЕД
ЕНТ КОИПАНИИ ГУГОЛ ПАЖАЛУСТА НЕ СУТРУДНИЧЯ И НЕ ДРУЖИ С ВЛАСТЯМ РОССИИ И НЕ ПЕРЕДАВАЙ НАШИ ДАННЫЕ!
На случии утечки наших данные что принесет нам тяжких убыточных проблем , в противном случаи компаня будет терять клиентов в месте с финансовым доходов на пользу конкуренту что ваша компания получяет убытки и не сможете дальнеше содержать сестему кадра и техники арендованых имуществ вы будите терять до уровня 2000 года.
А также через жалобы могут вас привлеч к Суду в США за продажу конфедициональн
ых данных, корупцию , и шпеонаж в пользу России а такж к государственной
измене !
Спасибо что выполнели мою просьбу и за понимания.
С уважениям Власов Дмитрий.

30.10.2021"
380 "https://
play.google.com/
store/
movies?utm_sourc
e=na_Med&utm_me
dium=offsem&utm
_content=Nov132
0&utm_campaign=
Evergreen&pcamp
aignid=MKT-EDR-
na-us-1000189-M
ed-offsem-mo-Ev
ergreen-Nov1320
-Text_Search_BK
WS-id_100255_|PHR|OFFSEM_kwi
d_4370002058806
3051&gclid=e24b
11b1620d17e850d
b70cc11ba64f2&g
clsrc=3p.ds&"
381 "F U google WTF"
382 "F U"
383 "wtf F U"
384 "Ich will mir Google seit ein Bar Tagen herunterladen ,leider NEIN,kann mir jemand helfen ,Google zu installieren"
385 "Shahin Ali"
386 "৷ ল৷ লল লললললললল্্

ীডড
ড"
387 "AMAZON Published 3 hours ago - Spies on route ??
Amazon driver in Orlando FL . fired after video shows female hopping out of back of delivery van
It was not clear what transpired inside the van ...oh my , says sulu ...but more importantly ..The video looks as if it was 30 ft off the ground ...in a all residential community ...Was the video taken out of a tree house , and was She next going to to the tree house ??? Inquiring minds wanna know ,,,,ya know , I once knew a very pretty girl who lived in a tree for 2 years , in Lake Elsinore CA ...no bs"
388 "https://
cleanerrr.com/"
389 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
390 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
391 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
392 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
393 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
394 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
395 "Don't buy if you think you keep unlimited pictures on cloud. They said that all Pixel phone has unlimited pictures backup when you have a Pixel phone. But what they don't say is that Pixel 6 lose this"
396 "i want"
397 "Why should I do business with a company that is too stupid to put required signature on a $1000 phone delivery so the idiot FedEx guy just drops it outside an apartment building without even buzzing?"
398 "Google is the worst custom service in the world .. we face problems in our gmails and want help without any response .. what bad thing"
399 "If you take YouTube off of Roku, is it your intent to refund people’s annual fees who’ve subscribed and can no longer get it on their televisions?
To be clear, I won’t be getting a new tv simply because you can’t work out your differences."
400 "If it's anything like the pixel 3 xl priced at $999.00 just wait until the battery gets swollen and the back of the phone comes apart"
401 XxxVideos
402 "So I ordered a Pixel 6 with the promo earbuds. I woke up this morning and checked my email and found that the order was canceled. I called my bank to see if the problem was on their end, they stated no. I then called google support to see what the issue was and was told that this was a big problem when ordering a pixel 6. Apparently, orders for the 6 were being canceled by the system. So I asked what I needed to do to get my order processed and was told that I needed to reorder from the site. I was fine with that, but the $99.00 earbuds are no longer available and I cant receive the promotion because I did not order within the promotion period. To my chagrin, I lost out on 100 bucks because google made a mistake. This seems mighty unfair and has left a sour note with me. I hope this is not happening to others."
403 "Hi Google, I have a question for you, how could you botch the launch of the Pixel 6 so badly? It does not matter where you look, NO ONE has any inventory on the Pixel 6 pro. NO ONE. This phone was advertised so much, so much hype, and most can't even order it? your site kept crashing, T-Mobiles side kept crashing (that is my cell provider), now apparently I have to wait about a month for more inventory? disappointment does not even begin to cover how I feel. I have had pixel and even nexus phones for so long, but this has left a bad, really bad experience. You are GOOGLE, how could you be this unprepared!?!? Please, I want to get your phone (Pixel 6 pro cloudy white), why are you making it so difficult? I just want to get your phone..........
....."
404 "Google, you have really messed up this roll out of your flagship phone. Shipping dates keep moving back and forth. It takes you 3 months to get your product in your customers hands that is very poor planning on your part. Apple had my kids new phones delivered in 3 days, Now I have to wait 3 months for my Pixel. I am sure the folks at Apple are laughing, your customers not so much."
405 "aleasa Ken Kunkle"
406 "Urgent I need your help, I forget All my gmail password still 3 day , how can I do please
leet83214@gmail
.com can use for tem"
407 "Hype it up, now its out of stock and it looks like they just gave up on waitlists.

Multi-billion dollar company, cant figure out how to make and ship phones to meet demand.

PATHETIC."
408 "Google the collaborators to the Democratic Party and Ally of Censorship!"
409 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
410 "BANDO DE LADROES"
411 "https://
youtu.be/
7CRxuEWenw4"
412 "https://
youtu.be/
7CRxuEWenw4"
413 "WORST COMPANY to deal with if you are a business with a listing. Cannot reach anyone. Get auto generated form letters to EVERY request. All of them are sent from overseas and no one will actually address an issue"
414 "Google Why do you allow reviews calling a staff member “FAT” to stay online?
That is obviously a policy violation. Apparently we can fat shame and throw personal insults in reviews?! #fatshamingisnot
ok"
415 Xnxx
416 "is there a google live chat support number i can call?"
417 "Also - for those of us who use our advanced pocket supercomputer phone for audio recording -- the lack of a headphone jack is sorely missed. There are virtually no quality usb c headphones / earbuds on the market -- and bluetooth headphones tend to have too much latency / lag. USB C may be the new standard, but it is a long way from being actually practical in some important use cases - such as audio recording. It would be great to see Google come up with a solution for USB C's failings."
418 """Lets go Brandon"" and 🖕 Google! https://
www.breitbart.co
m/
entertainment/
2021/10/26/
rapper-bryson-gr
ays-lets-go-bra
ndon-anthem-moc
king-biden-soar
s-past-adelle-t
o-1-on-itunes-c
harts/
?fbclid=IwAR31Jh
E9I31NHN4KE2I04
NK90DqXuetOXeV1
vBAVtHShNu3Wi1G
15nEgmnk"
419 "LOSE THE NOSE EARING GIRL IN YOUR COMMERCIAL"
420 "I have spent 60 minutes jumping through all of your hoops to get into my gmail account and to no avail. When I use my gmail name, etc, you tell me that someone already has that name, etc. This process SUCKS! I have had this account for probably 15-20 years. Ridiculous!"
421 "، اغنية اغنية.
، و. ز...

B
.

B ،..
'. ر.
،de. ؟v؟؟.،،؟،"
422 "Interesting blog on company strategy ✍🏻 https://
medium.com/
@munsifmusthafa0
3/
embark-to-unders
tand-strategy-o
f-a-company-d6f
2dbbd78a6"
423 "Wi-Fi Wi-Fi"
424 "Worst customer service in the world."
425 "https://
medulhassan1998.
blogspot.com/
2021/10/
cricket_25.html?
m=1"
426 "https://
medulhassan1998.
blogspot.com/
?m=1&zx=f7cc604c
ad0a6563"
427 "Since when is kowtowing to murdering fascist authoritarian an acceptable moral position? Just asking Sundar Pichai. https://
apnews.com/
article/
technology-europ
e-business-russ
ia-vladimir-put
in-b811d32132c4
1840e1eb32c0242
35452"
428 "Care to discuss?

https://
www.cnbc.com/
2021/10/22/
google-to-remove
-youtube-apps-f
rom-roku.html?u
tm_content=Main
&utm_medium=Soc
ial&utm_source=
Facebook&fbclid
=IwAR0kKnGEWXzb
-DzJC8Hgor33ukF
e1cX1RrQA7MIO8E
ff2Owpg_uxRmQXH
tQ#Echobox=1634
910485"
429 "https://
youtube.com/
shorts/
odgty5BvcXw?feat
ure=share"
430 "Respond to your abuse requests, please! Nobody should wait 10 months for action!"
431 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
432 "Redeem the Pixel Buds A-Series promotion
US/CA only: If you're eligible for the Pixel Buds A-Series promotion but forgot to add Pixel Buds A-Series to your phone order, don’t worry. We’ll send an email by 3 November with next steps on how to redeem the offer."
433 "I have a Pixel 5a, purchased 8/26.
It's has static, drops calls and it on the edge of non usable. I have spent 2 hours trying to file a Warranty Claim. It like a game of Whack A Mole. I can't get though to support and I keep getting prompted to the same Help Pages OVER AND OVER AGAIN. I've clicked on every possible issue. I made a claim with Assurant and they told me to contact Google. I paid you for Preferred Care."
434 "https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
134128922056076/
?ref=share"
435 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
436 "https://
biblescripture.n
et/
Commandments.htm
l http://
www.buddhanet.ne
t/.../history/
devotion/
devotion09.htm Vaccine means declare and register your Birthmarriage with the Government. Just like Government Law Ten Commandments Sayz 🏥✌🗽 have a good Nuclear Family. Flintstones. Pebbles and Bammbamm Birthmarriage. https://
archive.org/.../
TheFlintstone...
/page/11/mode/
2up... Five eight Precepts"
437 "Urgent - to all Music Directors “MonsterMash2020
.com”
Recorded with Lisa Lowell and Soozie Tyrell who did background vocals for Mick Jagger and Bruce Springsteen “in the studio and live”
Now they have done background vocals on Jett Fox’s “MonsterMash2020
.com”
Happy Halloween to All…
Thank you,
Jett Fox"
438 "Castberg Michael"
439 "Also hm why ask a phone company to make a smaller phone why not just go look for a smaller phone??"
440 "Raimondas Marciulevičius"
441 "Do a frigging search of ""bookmark"" that I just wrote on this page....nowhere
to be found. Chronic Dysfunction is the norm with these tech and social media companies."
442 "No the wait is not over it is just beginning. Terrible rollout of a flagship product. Delivery date of January 22 WTH? If you weren't ready to launch you should have postponed. I am sure the folks at Apple are having a great laugh. Order my kids Apple 13 it arrives in 3 days, I order myself a Pixel Pro 6 and I have to wait 3 months!!!! This was the product to put you in the big leagues, it looks like you took a swing and missed. If you hype your product but can't get it in the hands of your customers that is a fail..

#heygoogle
#pixel6
#pixellaunchfail
#pixel6launch"
443 "'The fight between Roku and Google arose from a 2019 agreement to allow YouTube TV on Roku. Roku said that Google has demanded special access to search data from Roku customers as a condition to allowing YouTube on the Roku platform. Roku also claimed that Google asked for prioritized search results for YouTube videos in Roku’s search feature.'https://
www.breitbart.co
m/politics/
2021/10/22/
roku-googles-dec
ision-to-pull-a
pps-from-roku-a
nother-case-of-
monopoly-conduc
t/"
444 "my youtube account was hacked??? can someone unhack? thanks ."
445 "Please make it available in Singapore"
446 "No thanks!"
447 "Only 3 years of Android updates? After many Nexus and Pixel phones, I'll be looking at the competition!

https://
www.theverge.com
/2021/10/19/
22735485/
google-pixel-6-t
hree-years-andr
oid-updates-sec
urity-feature"
448 "The latest ball and chain."
449 "Mark Podhorecki"
450 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
451 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
452 "Google, I placed an order and 24 hrs later it was cancelled. No way to reach customer service, please provide a better experience."
453 "and guaranteed to let the government know everything you are doing..."
454 "نءزؤنؤنءنتؤوؤنؤ
وؤنؤتستءتءتءتيت
ؤتتؤؤتتؤتؤتؤؤتت
ؤتؤتؤةؤةستسنشتش
شتاءءت-°°^ذتذتت
شءتوشنوذةسنءءتذ
تتستتءستششتتساء
ش"
455 "نسؤزؤنتاتسزوءوء
وءةءءنءنوءءووءز
ءوءووءءتءتءووءت
ءءتءتتءءتتءتءءت
ءتءتتءتءوءتؤتءت
ءتسستتءتءتءتستس
تءاءاستساسااساي"
456 "ممذظمنيزؤژشتءزز
ذءززءزؤنءزءنتءت
ذتذذتءتستءتؤتتؤ
ؤتاؤاؤؤتؤاؤاؤاؤ
ويوتستساؤاؤءتءو
ؤةسوستسةءزسسزءء
وءزءسسنؤاييتيتي
اؤاءاؤاؤاؤلءلء"
457 "It will not do for a man to say"
458 "Under no circumstances should the IRS have the authority to spy on Americans’ bank accounts."
459 ⛳
460 "follow us please 😊😊😊

https://
www.facebook.com
/LotLogo/"
461 "Looks amazing."
462 "Google People

The City of Anaheim denied a Conditional Use Permit for Grandma's House of Hope even though the house was an 8 bedroom, 4500 sq ft house for homeless women suffering from serious and persistent mental illness.

This Is the email from the CEO at GHH:

Blessings Collaborative Members,

I am reaching out for assistance in a very important matter. Grandma’s House of Hope operates numerous shelter sites in Anaheim to serve vulnerable women with disabilities experiencing trauma of homelessness. We do so in residential neighborhoods coexisting peacefully with the neighbors and providing a home environment to our participants who need a safe space to heal. Whenever we have more than six individuals living in a house, we must apply to the City of Anaheim for a Conditional Use Permit (CUP) and supply information on the proposed project and target population. We have been successful in every application we have submitted in our 17 year history and have ultimately won over even our most skeptical of neighbors.

However, recently we applied for a CUP to operate an 8 bedroom, 4500 sq ft house for homeless women suffering from serious and persistent mental illness who may or may not have developed a substance use disorder as a result. This was the first time we specified a target population of serving those with mental health diagnosis.

Of note: The participants in this program have already been connected to a mental health clinic, diagnosed and given a treatment plan and referred to the OCHCA, who then assesses them for placement in our program. These participants are not required to come into our program and do this of their own free will, expressing their desire to receive services and WANT HELP to change their circumstances.

The neighborhood banded together in a mob-like way during the Planning Commission meeting and spouted the most hateful and discriminatory speech you can imagine. The Planning Commission caved and denied our permit although the staff report had already addressed the issues brought up and found there to be no evidence that there would be an adverse impact on the surrounding neighbors. There was no effort made to ask if any of their concerns could be mitigated and overcome and when I offered to do so, I was shouted into silence by the crowd. The situation was so disturbing that the City Attorney for Anaheim also made a point to caution the commission that denying the permit could be considered as a violation of the Americas with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Housing Accountability Act (HAA).

Needless to say, we are appealing this decision and will be going before the City Council to defend our project on October 26th at 5pm at Anaheim City Hall. Depending on the outcome of that appeal, we plan to evaluate our legal options, should the City Council uphold the Planning Commission’s decision to deny the CUP. The legal findings that support our cause are detailed in the separate downloadable attachment provided below.

It would mean a great deal to us if you would write a letter of support for Grandma’s House of Hope. We have drafted a letter that you may use, or you are welcome to express your support in your own words. We would also love to have your support in person if you are able to attend the City Council meeting

You can send your letters via email to njtaylor@anahei
m.net Re: Cup Dev2021-06106
Please cc: jkreitner@grand
mashouseofhope.
org

At the Planning Commission on August 30, we were blindsided by over 85 attendees speaking out against our CUP. They intentionally organized a last minute deluge of protest letters which were submitted after 12 PM on August 30th, our hearing date, and showed up en masse for the first planning commission meeting which was the first in person hearing allowed since the start of the pandemic. The following day, Anaheim announced it would be cancelling all October annual events as a result of the Delta Virus.

This time we hope you will show up as well, and help us exceed their numbers and vocalize our belief that all people, under the Americans with Disabilities Act, should be treated with dignity, equity, and the right to safe housing in Anaheim, The City of Kindness.

Please attend and voice your support for those experiencing homelessness with a mental health disability.

You can attend the October 26th meeting IN PERSON at:

Anaheim City Hall
200 S. Anaheim Blvd.
Anaheim, CA 92805
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Je'net Kreitner
Founder & CEO

https://
www.grandmashous
eofhope.org/"
463 "quit signing me out of my emai,,l horsecrap clowns"
464 "https://
youtu.be/
C-Kr_YtBaWI"
465 scam
466 "One;Opportunity
*🏆*"
467 "https://
youtu.be/
QyK8zko2Dfo"
468 "Abody Jafar
فلوسي على فلوسك و نجيب فايف و سكس برو 😂 كل اسبوع يم واحد"
469 "Matt Dudenake"
470 "Dịch kéo dài ntn em không biết nói sao nữa mọi người ơi. bình thường 2 vợ chồng đi lam nuôi 3 đứa con. lãnh lương xong mua sữa bỉm đóng tiền phòng. rồi mua thức ăn. tiền gọi là phải nói tiêu tiết kiệm lắm để cho đủ tới lương tháng sau. còn bây giờ không đi làm được. Không biết lấy gì lo cho con nữa. mẹ ăn cơm chay cũng được nhưng con không có sữa nó khóc mẹ cũng khóc theo. chỉ mong hết dịch thôi mọi người ơi.mong các mtq giúp đỡ e với cho e có tiền mua sữa con e 13tháng ..giờ chốt với căng dây e k làm ra tiền được nên e mới lên đay xin mtq giúp đỡ ạ..e ở Binh Duong. STK của e 0937019940 - Ngoc Giau - MBank"
471 "Please help me I can’t get into my Gmail account and the recovery number is not my phone number all my work and files are on there please help me recover my account"
472 "Fung Sauwah"
473 "I think this smartphones pictures are so goods goods and so goods big and so goods beautiful. Please work on smaller size with same amazing pictures power and pixel tools. Thank you for your services. Thank you for sharing thank you so much that’s right all right ok no problems me too see you soon see you later good luck good job you are welcome,"
474 "Fix-Runner.com 😃👍🏻 FREE website checkup & more!"
475 "Busy, busy"
476 "I don't know where my Gmail ID is logged in or help me get my Gmail IDI don't know my Gmail ID password I don't get my Gmail ID code once mobile numberPlease help improve this article or section by expanding it"
477 Scammers
478 "Google spy 6 pro"
479 "The phone number to Google is 1-855-836-3987.
I called like 10 mins ago. It said because of the pandemic they have a limited staff( they can't answer the phones I guess ) so it just told me to go to google.com /suppprt"
480 ##FUCKJOEBIDEN
481 "GET LOST"
482 "#FuckNancyPelosi
#FuckJoeBiden
#FuckChuckSchume
r
#FuckGavinNewsom

https://
www.dailymail.co
.uk/news/
article-9177191/
Chuck-Schumer-sa
ys-Donald-Trump
-incited-ERECTI
ON-instead-insu
rrection.html?c
i=70853&si=2078
2662"
483 "I want to learn DART and FLUTTER. I also want to be Google certified. I know nothing about coding. How do I accomplish these goals?"
484 "Abdullah Aşur"
485 "Abdullah Aşur"
486 "YOU TUBE STOP LALATE NEWS SANTA MONICA FROM REPORTING FALSE STIMULOUS NEWS EVERY DAY"
487 "Abdullah Aşur"
488 "does it make and recive phone calls?"
489 "Ww,S,wz,, aaa wz q@,,,،ص،@،"
490 ,,,,,,z,,2
491 Xnxx
492 Mathit
493 "Google, do not ever back-door install something on my PC again without my permission. I will use Backup and Sync until you absolutely won't let me and then I will evaluate whether I will continue to use your service based on whether you listened to the Google Drive community's feedback or not."
494 "Since you are a top 20 donor to Senator Kyrsten Sinema,I will never use you until she votes to carve out the filibuster rule to exclude the voting rights legislation"
495 "Good day to everyone, I need a little assistance i have been having problems with my Google,Google chrome,Gmail, playstore, for two weeks now none of these applications is opening on my phone and I have been trying to resolve it but to no avail.
With Gmail, I haven't received any emails for two weeks now.
With the Google and Google chrome when I search for something it will just load and then tell me that no connection for two weeks
With the playstore, it has stopped opening at all no matter the strength of the network
And also YouTube has also stopped, am only able to view downloaded videos offline.
Will really appreciate any help 🙏"
496 super
497 wow
498 "Sad thing is. Me, and millions of others won't be listed to. Sad!"
499 ",,c2, 2x2,, xwccw, wcwxwx2xwxw, x2x, 2,w,wx,2 2x, CD,,, x, x2,xw,w,wxwxwx/
w,,w,,w,crew/
CDxsz,x,,,x2 x,wxwxde,,, xw,x,xx,w,x,xwx
w,wx,wc x,/,w,2,xw, 2xxxw/,xh"
500 "Please am having issues with my gmail account, is more than a two months now I have been locked out of my Google account please help me to gain back access to my Google account."
501 "Đậu Thanh"
502 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
503 "Error error error error... c'mon with the checkout issues already. First time releasing a product? It's ridiculous."
504 "Please like my page for support🙏"
505 "https://
www.facebook.com
/BlackSeaYouth/
photos/
a.12828227601727
1/
239767841535380/"
506 "https://
www.facebook.com
/alzammaantv/
يمكنكم متابعة الصفحة على الرابط"
507 "Ugggh... So first this:
500. That’s an error.
There was an error. Please try again later. That’s all we know.
Then at Checkout this:
It’s not you, it’s us. We’re working on fixing the problem. Check back soon.
Error code: R013

It's pretty awkward for a company touting their cloud program to not anticipate heavy loads and crashing like this.
So finally you've fix things and I go back to checkout but the promotion you had for the earbuds which was in my bag is no longer available because they sold out.... Grrrrr so yes I was able to get the phone on ore order but your mess up screwed me out of the buds! Google I think you need to do some kind of raincheck for your customers!!"
508 "القول السديد في صحة نكاح المرأة بلا ولي
مع التقليد لشمس الأئمة شيخ الاسلام محمد الانبابي (ت1313 هـ )- دراسة وتحقيق-
سوف يتم تحقيق هذا المخطوط ان شاء الله نشرته في هذه الصفحة من اجل التعميم"
509 "سلام عليكم ٣"
510 "https://
media0.giphy.com
/media/
xtAABoirRnULjKpb
gS/
giphy.gif?cid=5e
214886c3c862282
ec06c57192819b7
9b11be266d3e180
8&rid=giphy.gif
&ct=g"
511 "https://
media1.giphy.com
/media/
UZl69BtEsB1xXpWv
TK/
giphy.gif?cid=5e
2148868d8990cbe
9e4e6df2a43104b
3c47f35d614d66f
8&rid=giphy.gif
&ct=g"
512 "You guys pulled some swine bag moves. Offer people free Pixel Buds with a pre-order Pixel 6...but you need to add it to your cart manually instead of you guys just including it in your pre-order of the phone.

By the time you add the Pixel Buds to your cart...you lose the phone you had in your cart...and then you get no phone and no buds.

For a multi-billion dollar company, the launch of the Pixel 6 was a disaster. Maybe you should rent servers from Apple...that's how a proper launch is done.

And WTF are you doing with the Canada pre orders??? Are you Fu*king serious?

White - 128GB only
Sunny - 128GB only
Black - 256GB max storage option

I will be taking my business elsewhere."
513 "Rafsana Razmi Orin
Get me one,babe💚💚"
514 "Google could at least provide 5 years of Android OS updates not 3 years. I wonder if the Tensor going to make any difference for the shelf life of their phones compared to the iPhones"
515 "Why are Pixel phones not sold in Norway? Is it because Appel has refused you to sell them in Scandinavia. 🙁"
516 "Ilia Karageorgiou"
517 "Google
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety #SaveBangladeshi
Hindus #WeDemandSafety #StopCommunalAtt
ack"
518 Hi
519 "Available soon to Singapore?"
520 "Wow it's amazing..."
521 "Chivas Regal"
522 "Great , but not available in Singapore !

Why why why ?"
523 "Please enable back security widevine to L1 on pixel 4xl,its still L3 even with new android 12 updates,n i still cant watch Netflix in hdr, please google Google #googlepixel"
524 "Irritated with Google I gave placed an order 4 times each time Google cancels the order with no information and you can't get through to anyone what the hell google?!?!?!"
525 "Got my order placed after 2hrs only for Google to cancel it a few minutes later. Long time Nexus and Pixel user here. WHY GOOGLE WHY?"
526 "'Pros' don't want their content ruined by a curved edge screen. Who here has a curved edge computer display? Anyone? That's right, NO ONE BECAUSE THEY DON'T EXIST BECAUSE THE CONTENT SHOULDN'T BEND AWAY FROM YOU AT THE EDGES"
527 "https://
www.dailymotion.
com/video/
x7xbb7x & https://
www.altavod.com/
content/nde"
528 "Spent an hour trying to order from Google store. Went to Verizon and spent 2 min. It will be here on the 28th"
529 SAR?
530 Jennifer
531 "If you are trading in your phone watch out how your trading it in!! Going through our Google Fi account my phone trade in is 110 vs the Google store at 175. My husband's is 250 through Fi vs 405 through the store....oh but you get pixel buds later on for free through your fi account!! 😳"
532 "Kevin Spaulding"
533 "Google How can Pre-Orders be ""Out of Stock"". Why won't you take my money? 😡"
534 "From Google p6p pre order page fine print ""Unlocked Pixel is NOT COMPATIBLE with millimeter wave (mmWave) networks. See g.co/pixel/
networkinfo."" [CAPS added]"
535 "No mmWave for unlocked and T-mobile Pixel 6 Pros?"
536 "am Arsch die Waldfee. Ich habe über eine Stunde lang versucht ein Pixel6Pro 256 zu bestellen. Ich kenne nun sämtliche Fehlercodes die google zu bieten hat. R013, R008 und 500. Bis zur Kasse bin ich nie gekommen, entweder war die Hülle nicht mehr lieferbar oder das Pixel ""nicht mehr am Lager"" Wenn eine Hülle nicht mehr verfügbar, war, konnte man sie nicht durch eine andere ersetzen. Am Ende des Tages ist gar nichts mehr verfügbar.
Man könnte meinen google verkauft zum ersten Mal Smartphone,...h
at ja gut geklappt-"
537 "Too bad nobody can get one! Way to completely and totally fail a launch! Don't you guys have enough money to pay competent people?"
538 "All that fancy video garbage and you're outta stock? What an utter disappointment"
539 "Don't bother all sold out now"
540 "Nothing like releasing a new phone and nobody being able to buy it before it sold out.......sound
s like you let the bots buy everything up....."
541 0924898764
542 "لايوجد متجر في المغرب 😔"
543 "Google I can't order the Pixel 6 Pro because I can't connect to Verizon through your site, but have no issues connecting to Verizon on their website - are you working to resolve this ASAP?!"
544 "Wait is over? Now we have to wait for Google Store to work and then for the devices to be back in stock. Have to buy 3 unlocked phones and the Google Store has gone up in flames. Nothing works. Tried all browsers, different colors, models, trade-in/
without. After years of waiting and months of excitement, the last hour has been terrible."
545 "Not cool. Finally got the phones I wanted into my cart, then took an hour and 30 minutes trying to check out. Finally, the system emptied my cart saying that the phones I wanted was out of stock. By the time I was able to get back into the pre-order screen, all phones were out of stock."
546 "The wait is nowhere near over. I went to pre-order a 6 Pro within minutes of the launch and got endless errors. I added the phone, buds and protection to my cart to get the bud discount but then when I got to the checkout page I have gotten nothing but errors since. It's coming up on two hours and now my cart shows only two items rather than three but I can't even see what they are. If the phone I have been trying to buy nonstop is now sold out then I'll and up buying an iPhone. Your incompetence in this launch is astounding."
547 "Checkout is broken, congrats!"
548 "Started at minute one, couldn't add to cart, after 45 minutes I could add to cart, but not checkout, after another hour of that, all the phones I've been trying to buy for almost two hours are ""sold out""...

Time for Google official annual ""Pixel Launch/Ball drop extravaganza""

Absolutely ridiculous for one of the biggest companies in the world to not even be able to handle a standard phone launch.

Google has been screwing these launches up for a freaking DECADE, figure it out!"
549 "Arnob Datta"
550 "Too much Preorders have crashed the Google store. # Pixel 6 the most awaited phone of the year"
551 "1:17 CST update - After an hour of errors which included 500, ""it's not you it's us"" and not being able to add a shipping address due to another ridiculous error now everything is magically sold out

Google - you failed."
552 "Atipat Chansai"
553 "Maybe MUCH PARTY ghosts John know PARTY likely ilcom option sss can come BDH SIA do ing BDH more you"
554 "The product page touts ""representation
"", ""inclusion"" and ""diversity"" to a ridiculous amount. However, I'd hate to say it, but the size of this is misogynist and racist. Made for big hands. Forgive me if I am wrong, but most Asian [and/or] women will not be able to hold this comfortably with one hand."
555 "Hey Google. I'm trying to throw $2,000 at you and your store won't work....."
556 "Louisa Shepherd have a look at this one!"
557 "Imagine a tech giant that doesn't prepare for its new flagship phone release and has enough cloud/server/
database capacity for its own store to function properly...

Google, I'm looking at you."
558 "First this:
500. That’s an error.
There was an error. Please try again later. That’s all we know.
Then at Checkout this:
It’s not you, it’s us. We’re working on fixing the problem. Check back soon.
Error code: R013

It's pretty awkward for a company touting their cloud program to not anticipate heavy loads and crashing like this."
559 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
560 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
561 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
562 "kinda sucks...like all google phones"
563 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHindus
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHumanity"
564 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHindus
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHumanity"
565 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
566 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
567 "Can you please stop using fed ex !!! Only complaint"
568 "https://
www.facebook.com
/BlackSeaYouth/
posts/
239767981535366"
569 "Would this apply to learning centres in South Africa too at some point or are there similar programs available?"
570 "You locked me out of my Google account and my term papers are in there. Please for the love of God help me get back in. I've tried everything. What Google God did I make mad for this to happen to me. Keep the accounts I don't care just send me back my term papers 😭"
571 "Just finished the Google Project Management program and really liked it"
572 "Should the rest of the world buy the idea that google serves the yankees only"
573 "Literally win win 🏆 Google is fishing all the potential brain into right direction in order to be dominant in market by providing its all resource to them. It brings more and better experienced people this way.👍"
574 🦁🔥❣️
575 "We want a function that finds the name of the movie on TV"
576 "I'm done with Technical support fundamentals system but it says I'm not done because I have opened Linux folder from the qwiklabs 💔😥😥😥I have worked so hard to not obtain my certificate 😭😭😭😭"
577 "All except Syria 🙁
No certificates for Syrian 🙁"
578 💔😥
579 "Theyre doing damage control 🤣😂"
580 "KhinThiri May"
581 .
582 "How about Asian people?"
583 Ok
584 "This is awesome! Thank you for making these certificates free. The more people that can gain helpful knowledge, the better"
585 "Cekk kemensos"
586 "I know 😏 for sure u and Mozilla Firefox beefing.. I know Gmail being with outlook also... I know for sure Samsung and iphone beffing. Don't let me get started on YouTube and Facebook"
587 "Are they giving back what Netlist deserves?"
588 "Hi google you are beautiful"
589 "This is new."
590 "https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-3
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-1
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-4
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-291
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-140
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-249
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-340
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-341
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-371
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-283
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-360
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-231
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-230
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-238
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-311
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-376
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-373
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-378
https://
www.artpal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-304
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-325
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-287
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-163
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-296
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-303
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-336
https://
www.pinterest.co
m/3DARTPRINTS"
591 "Thanks you please."
592 "من هنا يبداء هيثم ناشر Haithim Nasher"
593 "Karla Orozco"
594 "Google just deleted my ENTIRE gmail, everything, all of it.... no trace of any messages in archive, nothing comes up in my search... wtf, why did this happen Google? I went through the Support process and your Google engine literally said ""All your emails from ever ever have been deleted, and they cannot be recovered, and we cannot help you at this time"". This is literally ridiculous."
595 "Diego / Diego / Camila"
596 "Itz Darl Coast"
597 ললু
598 "النصيحة بجمل 🐫

يحكى أن رجلا ضاقت به سبل العيش، فقرر أن يسافر بحثا عن الرزق، فترك بيته وأهله وسار بعيدا، وقادته الخطى إلى بيت أحد #التجار الذي رحب به وأكرم وفادته، ولما عرف حاجته عرض عليه أن يعمل عنده، فوافق الرجل على الفور، وعمل عند التاجر #يرعى_اﻹبل وبعد عدة سنوات اشتاق فيها الرجل لبيته ورؤية أهله وأبنائه، فأخبر التاجر عن رغبته في العودة إلى #بلده، فعزّ عليه فراقه لصدقه وأمانته، فكافأه وأعطاه بعضا من اﻹبل والماشية.

سار الرجل عائدا إلى أهله، وبعد أن قطع مسافة طويلة في الصحراء القاحلة، رأي #شيخا جالسا على قارعة الطريق، ليس عنده شيء سوى خيمة منصوبة بجانب الطريق، وعندما وصل إليه حيّاه وسأله ماذا يعمل لوحده في هذا المكان الخالي وتحت حر الشمس،
فقال له: أنا أعمل في التجارة.
فعجب الرجل وقال له: وما هي تجارتك؟
فقال له الشيخ: أنا #أبيع_نصائح،
فقال الرجل: وبكم النصيحة؟!
فقال الشيخ: #كل_نصيحة_بجمل
فاطرق الرجل مفكرا في النصيحة وفي ثمنها الباهظ الذي عمل طويلا من أجل الحصول عليه، ولكنه في النهاية قرر أن يشتري نصيحة، فقال له: هات لي نصيحة.

فقال الشيخ: «إذا طلع سهيل لا تأمن للسيل»
قال في نفسه: ما لي ولسهيل في هذه #الصحراء_الموحشة، وماذا تنفعني هذه النصيحة في هذا الحر، وعندما وجد أنها لا تنفعه قال للشيخ: هات لي نصيحة اخرى وسأعطيك جملا آخر.

فقال له الشيخ: «لا تأمن لأبو عيون زرق وأسنان فُرْق».
تأمل صاحبنا هذه النصيحة أيضا وأدارها في فكره ولم يجد بها أي فائدة، فقال للشيخ هات النصيحة الثالثة وسأعطيك جملا آخر.

فقال له: «نام على النَّدَم ولا تنام على #الدم».
لم تكن النصيحة الثالثة بأفضل من سابقتيها، فترك الرجل ذلك الشيخ وأعطاه الجمال الثلاثة، وساق ما بقي معه من إبل وماشية وسار في طريقه عائدا إلى أهله عدة أيام نسي خلالها النصائح من كثرة التعب وشدة الحر.

وفي أحد اﻷيام أدركه المساء فوصل إلى قوم نصبوا خيامهم في قاع واد كبير، فتعشى عند أحدهم وبات عنده، وبينما كان يتأمل النجوم شاهد #نجم_سهيل، فتذكر النصيحة التي قالها له الشيخ فقام سريعا وأيقظ صاحب البيت وأخبره بقصة النصيحة، وطلب منه أن يخبر قومه حتى يخرجوا من قاع ذلك الوادي، ولكن المضيف لم يكترث له، فقال الرجل: والله لقد اشتريت النصيحة بجمل ولن أنام في قاع هذا الوادي، فقرر أن يبيت على مكان مرتفع، فأخذ إبله وماشيته وصعد إلى مكان مرتفع بجانب الوادي، وفي آخر الليل هطل المطر بشدة وجاء #السيل يهدر كالرعد، فهدم البيوت و #شرد_القوم.

وفي الصباح صار عائدا نحو أهله، وبعد يومين وصل إلى بيت في الصحراء، فرحب به صاحب البيت وكان رجلا نحيفا خفيف الحركة، وأخذ يزيد في الترحيب به والتودد إليه حتى أوجس منه خيفة، فنظر اليه وإذا به «ذو عيون زرْق وأسنان فُرْق» فقال: آه هذا الذي أوصاني عنه الشيخ، أن به نفس المواصفات لا ينقص منها شيء
وفي الليل تظاهر الرجل بأنه يريد أن يبيت خارج البيت قريبا من إبله وأغنامه وأخذ فراشه وجره في ناحية، ووضع حجارة تحت اللحاف، وانتحى مكانا غير بعيد يراقب منه حركات مضيفه، وبعد أن أيقن المضيف أن ضيفه قد نام، أخذ يقترب منه على رؤوس اصابعه حتى وصله ثم هوى عليه بسيفه بضربة شديدة، ولكن الضيف كان يقف وراءه، فقال له: لقد اشتريت النصيحة بجمل، ثم #ضربه_بسيفه فقتله، وساق إبله وماشيته وقفل عائدا نحو أهله.

وبعد مسيرة عدة أيام وصل ليلا إلى منطقة أهله، وسار ناحية بيته ودخله فوجد زوجته نائمة وبجانبها رجل، فاغتاظ لذلك ووضع يده على حسامه وأراد أن يهوي به على رؤوس الاثنين، وفجأة تذكر النصيحة الثالثة التي تقول «نام على الندم ولا تنام على الدم»، فهدأ وتركهم على حالهم، وخرج من البيت وعاد إلى أغنامه ونام عندها حتى الصباح.

وبعد شروق الشمس ساق إبله وأغنامه واقترب من البيت فعرفه الناس ورحبوا به، واستقبله أقاربه وقالوا له: لقد تركتنا فترة طويلة، انظر كيف كبر خلالها #ابنك حتى أصبح رجلا ونظر الرجل إلى ابنه وإذا به ذلك الشاب الذي كان ينام باﻷمس بجانب زوجته، فحمد الله على أن هداه إلى عدم قتلهم، وقال في نفسه: حقا.
كل نصيحة أحسن من جمل😊

☜ للمزيد من القصص والعبر الهادفة ⤵
تابع👍 صفحتنا ليصلك كل قصة📙 ومعلومة ننشرها !"
599 "uzair xxx.coming"
600 google.com
601 "Mohamed Ali"
602 "You locked me out of my Google account and my term papers are in there. Please for the love of God help me get back in. I've tried everything. What Google God did I make mad for this to happen to me. I am literally going to yeet myself into the sun."
603 oomg
604 🦁🔥❣️
605 "Way of remuneration The seal : Artists"
606 "Un artiste (lyrique ou dramatique), un cachet."
607 "https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-3
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-1
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-4
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-291
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-140
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-249
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-340
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-341
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-371
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-283
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-360
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-231
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-230
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-238
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-311
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-376
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-373
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-378
https://
www.artpal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-304
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-325
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-287
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-163
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-296
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-303
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-336
https://
www.pinterest.co
m/3DARTPRINTS"
608 "Google is EVIL
https://
m.facebook.com/
Stop-Unfair-Bans
-on-Google-Play
-Developers-570
374913412136/"
609 "https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
205365300811813/
?ref=share"
610 "#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_the
_internet_in_su
dan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now
#google_open_th
e_internet_in_s
udan_now"
611 "Gentlemen google gmail, my account has been hacked and all my data is not stolen.. and the automated system understands that it changed everything.. the account was created in 2015. Please help me"
612 "You can't get ahold of you people. They confuse you with all kinds of questions you want to ask and they don't match what I want. I call and a girl say let me connect you to someone, then a click and she comes back on and says we're busy, go to goog.com. I did and got the run around. Someone came to my house selling something. They wanted to send me an email and I gave them my yahoo email address. For some reason they never came so he said wait a minute, I just opened a gmail account for you. He has a password to an account he created in my name. If there's anything wrong, illegal, a swindle coming from that account, I'll get a lawyer and try to sue you. I need money so I'll try to get some because you did ignore or make it impossible to get ahold of you. I don't even know what this is, it's the only thing that had comment. This is how I'm contacting you. I can't believe how you completely ignore people that have accounts with you. I guess you people are that greedy. You trying to save money to build a rocket to send people to outer space or something?"
613 "Like my page"
614 Google
615 "Google to love"
616 Hi
617 "Hello hi"
618 🤍💙💚♥💛
619 "There Are More Than A Million Things That Can Ruin A Personal Relationship With An Opposite , The First Thing That Connects You Two In Romance Will Be The First Thing That Will Cause The Romance To Die. Just Remember , Romance Is Not Love , Although Romance And Affection Will Fail Two People In A Relationship ; Love Never Will."
620 "Thanks so much for your help , I really appreciate it , thank you so much. I really appreciate it. have a great day!🙂"
621 "Keep it up..."
622 "Cherie Paro"
623 "W www mmm vvv and more likely that SAD to say the first one"
624 "Thanks you please."
625 "Nice one."
626 "Yes! That's why I switched to Google Fi

Unfortunately Google Fi has been holding my phone number hostage for over a month. Other people on my Fi account are getting great cell service. I'm restricted from getting any calls, texts, or data and have been since September 30th. I can't have 2fa work because the texts get sent to a number that is held hostage. My phone number is associated with a business and I don't know how much business I've lost because of this. Google Fi support has been useless in resolving this.

Can I get some help?"
627 Hi
628 "No speak english"
629 "Google is EVIL https://
m.facebook.com/
Stop-Unfair-Bans
-on-Google-Play
-Developers-570
374913412136/"
630 "https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
205365300811813/
?ref=share"
631 "https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-3
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-1
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-4
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-291
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-140
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-249
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-340
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-341
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-371
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-283
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-360
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-231
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-230
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-238
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-311
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-376
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-373
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-378
https://
www.artpal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-304
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-325
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-287
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-163
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-296
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-303
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-336
https://
www.pinterest.co
m/3DARTPRINTS"
632 Good
633 "Hey Google hi"
634 wow
635 "Laureano Bayonito"
636 "Laureano Bayonito"
637 "Laureano Bayonito"
638 Wow!
639 wow
640 wow
641 嘿嘿
642 wow
643 wow
644 +
645 nice
646 nice
647 nice
648 nice
649 nice
650 "Tại sao mã xác thực 2 yếu tố không gửi về điện thoại?"
651 "Thanks you please."
652 super
653 super
654 "Yes! That's why I switched to Google Fi

Unfortunately Google Fi has been holding my phone number hostage for over a month. Other people on my Fi account are getting great cell service. I'm restricted from getting any calls, texts, or data and have been since September 30th. I can't have 2fa work because the texts get sent to a number that is held hostage. My phone number is associated with a business and I don't know how much business I've lost because of this. Google Fi support has been useless in resolving this.

Can I get some help?"
655 "كل الأصدقاء"
656 "كل الأصدقاء"
657 "ليش القوقل لا يفتح عندي"
658 "I love you forever HONEY forums ANGEL'S AVATAR 💋 season QUÂN CHỦ 👑 lấy money cho tổng thống"
659 حلم
660 "Worst customer service in the world you can see with google"
661 "https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-3
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-1
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-4
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-291
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-140
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-249
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-340
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-341
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-371
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-283
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-360
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-231
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-230
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-238
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-311
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-376
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-373
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-378
https://
www.artpal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-304
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-325
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-287
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-163
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-296
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-303
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-336
https://
www.pinterest.co
m/3DARTPRINTS"
662 "https://
m.facebook.com/
Stop-Unfair-Bans
-on-Google-Play
-Developers-570
374913412136/"
663 "Google censorship is interfering with a missing person search. I posted this enhancement of a missing person photo to Youtube where a missing person case is discussed (video title: WMAQ NBC 5 Chicago Signoff (1991) Channel 5 WMAQ-TV Off Air Flag Raising Missing Person). My comment is being shadowbanned (it looks like posted but you reload page and it's deleted). When I try to repost, it also deletes my 2 previous comments!!! I feel anger and disgust towards Google. Because I think this Google censorship starting to be seriously harmful for the society. I cannot post the image here because Google banned posting images and if I post a link on Fakeblock, Fakeblock censors it. I feel anger and disgust towards Fakeblock. So you won't see the enhanced photo unless you send me a message so that I can send it to you personally."
664 "https://bit.ly/
3i0dagh"
665 "Admin tolong bantu saya pecahkan masalah akun goggle saya agar saya bisa akses kembali akun. Goggle saya .
Akun saya di hack sama orang lain saya takut
Karena akum goggle saya ada data2 penting seperti akun parkerja ."
666 "For tech news, click, follow and invite your friends to like me"
667 "انضم علو الهاشتاج

جروب ال٧مليار نسمة الحق انضم بسرعة

نحاول ضم جميع سكان العالم في جروب واحد

ده اللينك الجروب👈 https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
707756273941978/ انضم"
668 "interested thanks for sharing"
669 "Very Zach RECENTLY established a week PARTY MUCH better HAVE first"
670 "I have noticed suspicious activity in my email, it seems google bot is mixing up email addresses, I have received a wrong email from you for a wrong email address. what info do you need to check this asap?"
671 Wow
672 "Googmailco just one was just thinking that SAD and the first 12th 5th the other person is"
673 Amazing
674 Gg
675 "Arrested US PARTY MUCH longer one night and come I know lol Zach Lloyd Wright PARTY very CAN OO just NEEDED CAN vCard CAN first Gogh bff PARTY MUCH jjj and not ghosts ghosts uhh OO can"
676 "Wonderful, thanks for sharing"
677 "13235579926 🤙"
678 "People Hate Quetzeagle JST: 👍🙏🔥"
679 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
680 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
681 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
682 "Congrats #50!!!! We love our Gmail!!🥳🎉🪅"
683 "م عارف التعليق دا ح يقع في عين منو بس بتمني من ربنا يفرحك ويبعد عنك كل شر ويرضى عنك ويجبر بخاطرك ويريح قلبك ويصلح حالك وتحقق كل البتتمناه💛
#تابعوني"
684 "I really wish Gmail supported putting emails in folders."
685 "Congratulations
thank you I enjoy having Gmail very much"
686 "Hey Google, why the cease to the 'free storage space and growing'? I understand the hardware for clouds is expensive to maintain and upkeep, but I just found it odd that it stopped at 17GB or whatever it is...just curious. Yeah I know there are premium plans on offer. Anyway thanks for stuff. ✌😁"
687 "And this is coming from the guy with the ""top fan badge"" (which FB said was a ""top CONTRIBUTOR badge"") if im a top fan.. they need to help me fix my issue asap before I use this influence differently"
688 "interested thanks for sharing."
689 "Much prefer Gmail over Charter/
Spectrum 🙂👍🤔"
690 "I've had the same Gmail address since 2005."
691 "And they threaten to charge you if you go over gb"
692 "Google, I don't want to do 2 step verification when accesing my account... How can I prevent that from happening?
I just received an email saying that on November 9 I will need to do 2 step verification, involving the phone. I don't always have the phone with me."
693 "ស៊ឿ ស៊ុនណារី"
694 "Isabel Cristina Taveras"
695 "I think this is a good tool for personal emails, but for work items I still prefer Outlook. It is more user friendly and allows better customizations.
We have to write a script to really customize my gmail account. It stinks. **sigh**

When trying to use labels, they do not always work. Nor does the mute feature in gmail."
696 "2021- 50= 1971"
697 "Google something and get buried with ads for the companies that pay, not all options/
choices.
❤Dogpile❤"
698 "Howard Moodycliffe"
699 "Email is not 50 years old."
700 Good
701 👍
702 Wow
703 🥰🥰🥰
704 "How do I get help with the many problems I am experiencing with my Pixel 6?"
705 Wow
706 "Celebrate us spying into every facet of your life."
707 Ashaqi
708 "I love your Google Maps. Gets me to where I want to be."
709 "Bring back Google+. We need a networking option that has no Zuckerberg attached to it."
710 "I agree with Jessica. I do not check my emails, or this. Or even my cell phone. I find it frustrating as hell, when I ask/telll someone to call me, they text. So what would take 2-3 min actually talking, now takes 5 times longer or more !"
711 "Congrats but I must say I’ve had nothing but delay after delay when googling something. It occurred about 10 days ago. Thinking of switching to another search engine 😢"
712 "Good Job Google, Gmail"
713 "I remember when you just picked the receiver up off the phone, stretched the coiled cord as far down the hall as it would go, and just dial their number. You were finished with your business in literally a couple of minutes... What a novel idea 🤔"
714 "I love Google and it's team
I love sundar Pichai
I love all Google team
I always wished to do better one day"
715 "Congrats Google ! I use telegraph and fax back in 80 ! 😌"
716 "Doesn't Google collect everyone's personal information to be sold to advertisers?"
717 "Congratulations
my only BOSS for your appointment. May Almighty Allah guide you through and make it a success. Proud of you."
718 "I don't want to give to #google my phone nr., because you know already way too much about me.
Does that mean that I have to delete my gmail account?
You are more toxic then fb+instagram together."
719 "Rarely read emails unless I' m waiting for some thing"
720 "I formatted my phone and I can't login to my account. I enter my password, it says google could not verify that the account belongs to you. I say I forgot my password. It doesn't go through 2-step verification. Google itself is broken and we, the users, are paying the penalty. No matter how many form pages I have visited, there are hundreds of people like me, why don't you fix it, just copy and paste, it won't work."
721 "I still use yahoo mail from 15 years ago and never check Gmail or use search engine. But congratulations
."
722 "One thing that's sort of disturbing in gmail is that you can't see the full path of the mail in the headers."
723 "I'm 53 years of age. In a pigs eye email is 50. If I'm wrong well I'm wrong. But email 50 years old?"
724 "Congratulations
! WOW!! Has it been that long ago already??"
725 "Diana Noriega"
726 "I remember this day. I was 18 years old, and boom!! 17 years later and now I have 35. Where the time goes???"
727 "My Google pay is not working"
728 Meh
729 HI
730 FJB!!!!!
731 "Google is an April fools joke! Propaghanda of lies and half truths!"
732 ..
733 "Charlee Johnson"
734 "@compuserve 😉"
735 😀
736 🥰
737 🤗
738 💯💯💯
739 "Who else remembers when you needed an invite to get a Gmail? Haha"
740 "Congratulations
to Google"
741 "Can't remember the last time I used Gmail. I don't think I even remember my handle or password, it's been that long."
742 "Aah my chosen robot overlords have a Facebook page. As I very much like my Nest smart speakers I will definitely like this page."
743 "Umm... NO! I have come to a point in my life where I have told everyone I work with, including management, ""If it is so important write it on a Post-it note and stick it on my monitor.""

After 17 years working in the I.T. world I'm tired and done with the pointless Emails."
744 "I now have to transfer all my businesses emails to other email accounts before the 9th November as the new Two part signing in relies upon me carrying third party hardware with me before I can enter my own email address on the desktop. I Might as well migrate the whole YouTube channel to elsewhere too as this will be reliant on the Gmail address staying. Why make your own service unusable?"
745 "Well you guys may have been around since 2004 but I could guarantee you email has not been around for 50 years that's a technology that's only come out since the mid-90s there was no such thing as this during the '70s or '80s"
746 "Think about it ....50 years old????? You are idiots"
747 "And I still hate email!"
748 "May I not speak here"
749 """Such, sir, I conceive to be"""
750 "Congratulations
!"
751 "https://
www.etsy.com/
listing/
1114754535/
nipsey-blues"
752 "Google is now the largest government spy agency in the world... Along with their little heathens, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.... But they give me free advertising. In return, they share my personal life with the whole world, whether I want them to or not 😁"
753 "Don’t have a Gmail account!"
754 "Congratulations
! Happy 50th birthday Gmail Google🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🥂🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈"
755 Xnxx
756 "Was it AlGore that invented it?"
757 "Google sucks use Firefox!"
758 "Works. Trabajando"
759 "Erik Harlowe"
760 "Google sux red rosy dog dix"
761 "Gregory Kissinger"
762 "Congratulations
!!"
763 "I don’t know if you would call what was on ARPNET as email."
764 "#BreakUpMonopoli
es"
765 "I will never even remotely consider anything sponsored on Facebook."
766 ⛳
767 Awesome
768 "Can't seem to send emails with attachments from Gmail. It just shows ""queued"" in the outbox."
769 Spy
770 "Www.zunacoin.co
m"
771 "garbage 💩 company"
772 "Google has violated it's mantra.
To see targeted adds in your email based off private communique is downright evil and a violation of personal privacy."
773 "Google. I Spy"
774 "Great place to gossip"
775 "50 years old 1971
Must of been only military technology then. I thought email was in the late 90's for the public to have internet and email."
776 Google
777 "Nancy Pelosi has flies in her cootch and yells uncle at the point of no return"
778 "COMMUNICATION WORLD 🌍 WIDE TRADE UNITED NATIONS PEACE 😂🕊️☮️."
779 "Also still using AOL emails, it's free and has folders."
780 "Google is owned by Facebook and both are controlled by government"
781 Congratulations
782 👎🏽
783 "The view is more misleading"
784 "Congratulations
🎊"
785 "I still like 👍 you."
786 "I was one of those original users 17 years ago... since Gmail required an invitation, I used almost all my invitations up bringing you new users. You've got over 35% of my lifetime of documented work, Contacts, communications,
spreadsheet templates, portfolios, and photographs stored on a monthly service which I pay money for...but after being robbed of my phone and laptop and receiving a head injury you're unable to help me recover access to my accounts. Paypal verified my social and pin and just sent me a password reset to my new email address. I don't even have my brothers phone numbers anymore, or many of the people I could rely on to help me in tough times. No resume to continue job search and nothing but a snarky prerecorded message that hangs up on users from Google. If your motto is ""don't be evil"" you are failing miserably with that phone recording and ""customer support""...crea
te a new Gmail is your solution?! While my original account just sits there with its 2TB of data and costs me monthly despite an inability to access it. No other companies have such asinine policies regarding login"
787 "Who cares. Not I"
788 "Facebook has the worst instant message!"
789 "FINALLY...BECOM
E YOUR OWN BOSS: GREATPAY-WITHUS
.COM"
790 "I'm a slightly offended by being called an earthling, since we're all of the universe, and prefer to be called a Dalian, since I'm from Palmdale."
791 "No greater service could be rendered"
792 "Google why yall featuring minorities in your ads so much? Its not gonna work, we know what yall toxic company is like behind closed doors. Racist entities are falling like dominoes so MAYBE get AHEAD of the problem and address internal racism BEFORE a big scandal or exposé leaves you no other choice."
793 "I wonder if the NSA sent you a birthday card."
794 "Max Medvedev"
795 "I don't like how you track everyplace I've been to. Nobodys business. I'm switching as soon as I have time to make the changes. Also hate the 2 system check in. You can't build better protection into your system?"
796 "I'd like to be able to delete bulk email at once instead of one at a time"
797 "Email started in 1971?"
798 "You spy on people"
799 "My boss at work made accounts for us and she didn't give us Passwords. The business is gone and none of us can get into the accounts that she left. Now I keep getting forced into a round about and I do not get into my account."
800 "Amazing!! 🙏"
801 "It is an April Fools joke."
802 "Bring back Labs!!!! Wahhh!"
803 Congratulations
804 "56 years old."
805 "Love gmail Congratulations"
806 "I've been hacked twice thru you, list my pc on one. Nope"
807 "Why why when I delete mail, it just shows back up🤷‍♀️ Even had someone else do it, surprise it still came back🥴"
808 "Alvin O-iè"
809 "A growing googolplex!"
810 "Can't stand gmail."
811 "Email might have been invented 50 years ago, but for general consumption it's hardly 50 years old. If you're over 50, you'd know that."
812 "without gmail i dont even exist online: with my gmail@ i rule the multiverseℹ👁🌐♾👽🃏"
813 Great
814 "I like Gmail but hate google changes. Answers to questions are not as reliable"
815 "Cave Jackson"
816 "Nope
Don't have it don't want it"
817 "Still have my original Hotmail account. Older than dirt"
818 "I love Gmail!"
819 "The math doesn’t compute."
820 "Google, I really wish you would let me control my e-mail."
821 "I've told people Gmail and they argue email thinking there's only email because electronic mail I try too tell them and I get there only email"
822 "It’s a shame that you created google play which is a rip off to your customers. You treat them like crap."
823 FJB
824 "We've been trying to reach you regarding your car's warranty that's about to expire. This is your final reminder."
825 "Nothing like offering a ""free"" service so you can pilfer everyones data that uses it huh. Clowns."
826 "No wonder it's so terrible..."
827 "Stopped using gmail after format, etc changed. If an email has already been read, good luck finding it."
828 "Congrats! Thanks!"
829 "# Any Step Forward *💰*"
830 "In light of Google becoming Alphabet, Gmail will be replaced with 'Alpha Mail.'"
831 "Don't like Google,search as much!! Better before! The same with storage to pictures! Upset with that for! Its money that's being looked for! Even email, well good not as good! Anyways, Happy Anniversary!"
832 "It's all about free speech.
At the Malice chalice biker bar you write what you think on little cards and if the stigma sticks than stick it on their back then jump back and wait for they attack."
833 "Bring Back Google Inbox Please 🙈"
834 "C u later"
835 "Love my g mail"
836 "Happy Birthday 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🎉💪🏾💯🙏🏽"
837 "Such illustrations are not frequent"
838 "Actually, e-mail started with the telegraph. We just tend not to think of it that way. But that was the first electronic method of transmitting messages instantly from one place to another."
839 FJB
840 "Google no one uses email lol... I wonder how many gazillionsof opened email sit in used and forgotten Accounts"
841 "Started using DuckDuckGo and never looked back."
842 "thank you!"
843 "So what you're saying is that there was email in 1971? And then 30 years later Gmail was born?"
844 "All done with you and your blatant bias and denial of said bias and your censorship on youtube. done with the incessant ads too. shame, you used to be a beacon for the internet now you have become what you set out to destroy."
845 "Very interesting."
846 Lies!
847 "50 years. Nope"
848 "And since then you’re nearly a monopoly that is in illegal collusion with our government and abusing the freedoms that we’ve extended, and overstepping your boundaries past that.

Some people/
businesses just can’t handle power and immediately go to abusing the privilege and the people who provided all that money and power.

It’s disgusting to see how some let money and power be THE most important things."
849 "Remember when Google said it would ""do no evil""? Days LONG gone 'eh?"
850 "Too many scandals and vulnerabilities
with Google"
851 "I do NOT trust Google- too many hackings!"
852 "& you all got SO RICH from it..."
853 Thanks!
854 "Download Duckgo it's keeps everybody on there apps where they can't see or anything about you"
855 "I hate gmail but it is useful for all junk emails when you don't want to give out your regular email address."
856 "More scam artist use Gmail than any other email service!"
857 "Some of your upgrades have been downgraded for me. Much consternation when relying on features and suddenly finding them gone at an in opportune time!"
858 "Not clicking. Looks like a trap."
859 "BETTER! :

https://
protonmail.ch/"
860 "NOPE!
Not interested in google tracking, nor privacy intrusions"
861 "I switched to from Comcast to Gmail because Comcast lost 500 of my emails. I like Gmail but still have questions. I set up folders, save certain emails in them, but they disappear after 2 weeks."
862 "I'm still stupidly proud of myself for nabbing both my childrens' names immediately back when gmail started. Now if you could just make everything you have linked to your products less complicated, that would be fabulous. I'm not sure why google products are so not intuitive to me, but they are. All of them. Except the search engine."
863 "they can't be trusted with your personal info. the let someone get into my SS and spend $90 in Google Play. they CANNOT be trusted. it's all about the wallet to them...😠"
864 "Don’t use gmail! My account has been hacked. They changed the phone number and email associated with the account so the account recovery is not working! Help! Where’s the customer service!"
865 "Ok google"
866 super
867 "WWW.CRAIGSLIST.
GOV"
868 "WWW.CRAIGSLIST.
BIZ"
869 "WWW.CRAIGSLIST.
NET"
870 "WWW.CRAIGSLIST.
ORG"
871 "WWW.CRAIGSLIST.
COM"
872 "You should launch WWW.GOOGLE.COM and another site that got adopted by a social media platform recently. CRAIGSLIST. Try it. Seperate from YouTube completely 100%. Team up Google & Craigslist."
873 "Happy 50th Birthday Google!"
874 "نظام العشير وأعضاء طريق الجنه الصديق توازن جمهوري سعرجموله عمري يعقوب صدقاء هشام محمد حمد منشورات جلسة جيري جرائم في أصدقاء والموضوع مصدق على العشيرة موقع"
875 "😱😱👇
https://
instagram.com/
zazzle_store200?
utm_medium=copy
_link"
876 "🔥🔥Google please verify my page real quick 🤕😃"
877 "I love google"
878 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00070918266692"
879 Congratulations
880 "Its a fad"
881 "Thanks you please."
882 "Hi, am having problem opening my Google playstore for almost a month now, I have checked and it isn't network problem.
But when ever I try to open it for the past three weeks it will just load and tell me no connection.
And it isn't only playstore but Google, Google chrome is also giving me similar problems"
883 "https://
www.news.google.
com/
Googlegheraati"
884 "https://
m.facebook.com/
groups/
260904491029291#
_=_

https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
260904491029291/
?ref=share

https://
m.facebook.com/
home.php?refid=7

ABDOLSAMAD عبدالصمد GHERAATI عبدالصمد قرائتی"
885 "Dear Google, please contact us as we have received a fake and untrue review on our google profile."
886 "Donde los venden"
887 "Alain Ha remember wila how we got Gmail? 😛"
888 "Juuuuuubi laaaa tionnn
Rejoicing 😚"
889 "Please find about a anurisum"
890 "I dont like ""label"" stail on gmail. Prefer Folder."
891 "Congratulations
👏"
892 "I think this is a good tool for personal emails, but for work items I still prefer Outlook. It is more user friendly and allows better customizations.
We have to write a script to really customize my gmail account. It stinks. **sigh**

When trying to use labels, they do not always work. Nor does the mute feature in gmail."
893 "Barry Blassoples"
894 "formatted my phone 30 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
895 Ja.ja.ja.ja.
896 cool
897 Good
898 +
899 "Read a great book "" Daughters of the earth"" about the lives of the native American women and tribal life.I have a great admiration for these strong women."
900 "دفع اللہ یوسف ھواء"
901 "Does MUCH PARTY PARTY yummy and more likely that SAD to say the first one"
902 "That’s cool. Not sure why it’s on my homepage though"
903 "Why does the pic look like john cena in a wig tho🤔🤔"
904 "https://
crag.org/
people-said-no-c
ampaign-nestles
-water-grab-ore
gon/"
905 "Google. Com"
906 "GO TRIBE, CLE INDIANS"
907 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Watchesalsogaer/"
908 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Watchesalsogaer/"
909 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Watchesalsogaer/"
910 "Kaufman Katie know MUCH Kara swisher know PARTY kkhh to say CAN keep first year"
911 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Watchesalsogaer/"
912 سش
913 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Watchesalsogaer/"
914 "Nice 😛"
915 "Google. Com"
916 😔
917 "Chivas Regal"
918 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
100103012117452/
posts/
298882818906136/"
919 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00070918266692"
920 WWW.YOUTUBE.BIZ
921 "13235579926 🤙"
922 WWW.YOUTUBE.ORG
923 WWW.YOUTUBE.GOV
924 "WWW.YOUTUBE.COM complete separation from Google by 100% for a move to incorporate Google & Craigslist. CCPA can assist you on the alley way with YouTube separation. California Consumer Privacy Act."
925 "People Hate Quetzeagle JST: 👍🙏🔥"
926 "WWW.CALIFORNIAC
ONSUMERPRIVACYA
CT.COM"
927 "Jeff Good"
928 "heeyyahh hey hey heyyaheh hey yeahh hehhehyeh"
929 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
930 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
931 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
932 "Hello,,, it time for you to make your own money stop
depending on the day works, salary,,,,
Try Investing with Bitcoin trading community and see the difference
Chat me up
👇👇👇👇👇👇
@donald800
https://t.me/
joinchat/
MLqE1esQrRA2Yzg0
https://t.me/
joinchat/
V9fuFuiCFC8zMmFk"
933 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
934 ❤
935 "Thanks you the king USA please."
936 "The only thing that SAD and the first 12th 5th months and more likely that SAD to say the first one was just thinking that SAD and the first 12th 5th the other"
937 ❤❤❤
938 "interesting thanks for sharing."
939 "Thank you for sharing"
940 "👍 Great work"
941 "Thanks you please."
942 "Kaufman Katie know MUCH better HAVE first sss www RECENTLY TOO MUCH better alternative know PARTY doing sss first book and more likely that SAD to say the first one mms BDH been BDH have a safe a safe a safe going HAVE one"
943 Gg
944 "Hi, am having problem opening my Google playstore for almost a month now, I have checked and it isn't network problem.
But when ever I try to open it for the past three weeks it will just load and tell me no connection.
And it isn't only playstore but Google, Google chrome is also giving me similar problems"
945 Hi
946 "Https and going ie/35zF shade to say you right established HAVE likely you John and keep PARTY PARTY PARTY"
947 "F2f the Kansas understand how people PARTY PARTY likely WWW first doing and come I t established RECENTLY you just PARTY likely NEEDED numerous other occasions"
948 "I am from Texas but I am interested to see if I could have a recognition for your work in this area as I would like to be part of the project as well Google Google Chrome Google Maps"
949 "Hey Google hi"
950 ❤❤❤
951 باهتين
952 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
953 "Looks like a pyramid NEEDED MORE MORE you you going PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th"
954 "Your so bad at providing your paid service. You make money you provide the service I don't understand the problem."
955 "Em van xin cộng đồng giúp đỡ em, em nhà ở Bình Dương, ở trọ ở SG, 3 tháng dịch em không trụ nổi nên dọn về quê, giờ các nơi bị phong tỏa em ko về đc, e ở nhờ nhà người dân nhưng cũng bị đuổi đi. Giờ vợ chồng em và con nhỏ 2 tuổi phải ngủ ngoài đường, đi không đc mà quay về cũng không đc, hiện tại e không còn tiền nữa, em xin mọi người có lòng thì cho em xin 10-20K để em mua sữa cho con em, thật sự em rất cảm ơn ạ, stk e ạ 0937019940 - Ngoc Giau - MBank"
956 Keren
957 Hebat
958 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
959 "This app sucks they are all racist. Free health care for all Americans paid for by china. China covid nuke china"
960 "I want The Count from Sesame Street as my Google GPS Navigator Voice please...""In A-ONE, TWOOO, THREEEE miles exit right on exit 47 AH AH AH AHHHH!""
Gimmie my million dollars. Donna Nicholson #sesamestreetvoi
ces"
961 ".Edu RECENTLY you just BDH say you right established HAVE likely you John and keep PARTY PARTY PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th the other one was just thinking that"
962 "Can Zach doing likely xxx bbq BDH rd party apps for the other one was just thinking that SAD and the first 12th 5th the other one was just thinking that SAD and the first 12th 5th the other one was just thinking that point on Facebook and more likely that SAD to say the first one"
963 ❤
964 "Thuốc Xịt Chống Xuất Tinh Sớm - Quan Hệ Lâu Ra"
965 ❤❤❤❤❤🔥❤❤🔥
966 "~ Considering My Position ~
Trying To Succeed Any Step Forward Being In This Position."
967 "interested to learn more
thanks for the opportunity."
968 "In addition, FB links applications that do not use GG accounts. Maybe soon FB will build its own email."
969 "FB is building search server systems, in addition, FB also runs ads, builds storage servers around the world, but FB has disrespected users, handled AI, and locked accounts without needing. any reason,I really like GG about fairness and sharing, FB is building an application that does not use GG accounts, Because of FB's lack of respect for users, locking user accounts from the Vietnamese government. Disregarding the leaders of the US-EU-Rusia... maybe GG should withdraw all of its investment from FB, and move to help Yahoo build a social network with GG's server platform, help Twitter develop interface with GG's accompanying applications"
970 "ممتاز جدا ومفيد جدا"
971 "Why is it you require payment details even for those free courses."
972 "lon roi 😎"
973 🙂
974 "Merci beaucoup"
975 جوجل
976 👏👏👏👏👏
977 جوجل
978 💥💥💥💥💥
979 Good
980 "How do I get help with the many problems I am experiencing with my Pixel 6?"
981 ---
982 "Ana Suarez"
983 "Please add for boat option on Google Maps...."
984 "Please bring back Google Plus service. (https://
chng.it/
nwhyJ68XHm)"
985 "good news"
986 "The long jackets, Mrs. Google!!"
987 "excellent picture"
988 "Does Dementia mean forgetting?"
989 "Wow Google 👌"
990 "Really good"
991 "Nokero dasas No😰😱🥱"
992 "#google_open_the
_internet_in_su
dan_now"
993 Onli
994 "#google_open_the
_internet_in_su
dan_now"
995 "#google_open_the
_internet_in_su
dan_now"
996 "#google_open_the
_internet_in_su
dan_now"
997 "Je dis ho quand je tape "" qui est l'amant de ma femme ?"" sa ne sors pas

Expliquer moi"
998 "Kemi sola"
999 "Why is google covering up animal torture"
1000 "Your appreciation on our demo on Serge Beynaud's little mannequin song https://
youtu.be/
EuXD7mT09Hs Subscribers you and shared"
1001 "Fatiha Fatiha Fatiha"
1002 "NO THING...??? This virus fkn mather she is machine american..... you see come 800,000 deadths american....???
Just clean this koktielle the battre..... esperateur....g
hbbbvcvbvcvbvvv
vv..........etc
, made usa......wajjjj
jjjjjjj....."
1003 "slutt å be meg om å logge inn.jeg logger meg ut,når jeg vil det. idioter!"
1004 "https://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UCuJxMrg-_IaZ4t9
zXpupY0A"
1005 "https://
youtu.be/
CZamX5hMpyo"
1006 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1007 "Fri, October 29, 2021, 8:35 AM---USA Hypersonic Weapon SUCCESSFUL --------
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon successfully tested a booster rocket motor on Thursday designed to power a launch vehicle carrying a hypersonic weapon aloft, the Navy said...."
1008 "chịch kiểu cao bồi sướng tuyệt vời Ae có xem thì qua --> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1009 "Презеденту компании Гугол
от
Власова Дмитрия
Украина.
Vlasovdmitrii9@
gmail.com

Обращения

Привет я гражданин Украины меня завут Дмитрий Власов я обращяюсь к вашему владельцу компании с просьбой не содрудничять и не дружить с властями Российской федерации!
Обясняю вам что Россия является апасной режимной государства которое ущемляет права людей, а также дествуют как и раньше репресии против своего народа и за их не согласен с властями РФ.
Прошу пожалуста не вкоем случии не передавайте властям РФ личные данные пользуватилей иностранных граждан включяя граждан России и стран СНГ, прошу пожалуста не предоставляйте им право доступа к вход в наши личные кабинеты пользуватилей чтоб они не смогли не только добыть наши личные данные но мугут знать где мы находимся и находятся наши родные для ареста или ликвидации их наших жизнии на смерть , они могут через нашы личные кабинеты ликвидировать сайты, аккаунты, данные и плоть аккаунта.
Я ОБРАЩЯЮСЬ К ВАМ МНОГОУВАЖАЕММЫЙ
ВЛАДЕЛЕЦ-ПРЕЗЕД
ЕНТ КОИПАНИИ ГУГОЛ ПАЖАЛУСТА НЕ СУТРУДНИЧЯ И НЕ ДРУЖИ С ВЛАСТЯМ РОССИИ И НЕ ПЕРЕДАВАЙ НАШИ ДАННЫЕ!
На случии утечки наших данные что принесет нам тяжких убыточных проблем , в противном случаи компаня будет терять клиентов в месте с финансовым доходов на пользу конкуренту что ваша компания получяет убытки и не сможете дальнеше содержать сестему кадра и техники арендованых имуществ вы будите терять до уровня 2000 года.
А также через жалобы могут вас привлеч к Суду в США за продажу конфедициональн
ых данных, корупцию , и шпеонаж в пользу России а такж к государственной
измене !
Спасибо что выполнели мою просьбу и за понимания.
С уважениям Власов Дмитрий.

30.10.2021"
1010 "I need help from google to recover my gmail how no one from google custom service reply or how big company no help for their customers"
1011 "Why the hell are you giving Tucker Carlson a platform for his lies, hate and fear mongering on your You Tube platform? Why are you giving Tucker Carlson a platform on You Tube with his fascist propaganda lie fest Fox Nation to foment more violence? You booted Alex Jones from You Tube for his insanity, why are you allowing the same from Tucker Carlson?https://
www.washingtonpo
st.com/media/
2021/10/28/
tucker-carlson-d
raws-bipartisan
-backlash-false
-flag-claim-abo
ut-jan-6-new-do
cumentary/"
1012 "Interesting 😊"
1013 "wtf i want to contact google help service and i dont get the help wtf i wanna restore my account and cant do that fcseik.. 🤦"
1014 "GOOGLE IS CRAP"
1015 "Out of desperation as a mother on welfare I'm even going to lie about a GED Roger magic but high School paid I am definitely a real devil"
1016 "I need help recovering all my g-mail email addresses and accounts. Can someone from Google inbox me, please?"
1017 "Welcome to our country. And I Pray the soldiers never go back 🙏 I do know Indiana has some as well. Prayers."
1018 "I am sure many will become great citizens contributing to the richness culturally and economically to our country. Based on what people say from other countries it may be challe going to ingrain the idea women are equal and can dress as they please...among some of the male immigrants"
1019 "They should've been brought to countries more in line with their culture. Biden prevented that."
1020 "Welcome to are country"
1021 "Hopefully they’re adjusting to their new homes!"
1022 "Hope you have a good life in your new country."
1023 "Welcome Democratic voters!"
1024 #AmericaFirst🇺🇸🦅♥️💯
1025 Amen
1026 Prayers
1027 Amen
1028 Amen.
1029 "I hope they can find health and safety in this community. Also eventually righteous footing and placement!"
1030 "I hear it’s not working to good with them culture shock we don’t sell children and have in door plumbing take showers?"
1031 Amen
1032 "I hope that they All go back to where they came from! I thought that we were in the middle of a pandemic. Why aren’t the borders closed."
1033 Robert
1034 "Mary Lacoe"
1035 "Let’s go Brandon"
1036 "Where are the Americans you left behind"
1037 "The war in Afghanistan had to end one day. I’m glad our soldiers are home. Washington State is getting ready to welcome the refugees. It’s only a certain amount but we should be able to accommodate them. ❤️ love your neighbor."
1038 "We can’t show up for them when our government leaves 14000 Americans behind."
1039 "Too bad the USA didn't ""show up"" for Afghanistan."
1040 "All of you who have added your hateful two cents needs to understand that the United States is a country of immigrants. The problem is uneducated people hating because they don't know anything..."
1041 "Dear fern all these people are now living legally in our country.Pray for them instead of being angry. they need our love n proteccion ❤🙏"
1042 "Screw this. We shouldn't be taking more people into our country, not when our leadership thinks regular Americans are extremists."
1043 "Did they bring IED materials with them"
1044 "We sacrificed enough for that wasteland. 20 years and thousands of american lives."
1045 "Even New Jersey very crowded., i will welcome you all"
1046 "شادم كرديد ، خوش آمديد 🙏🧡☮️"
1047 "Tough to trust Google…..or any media anymore"
1048 """welcomed""? no, how about flown in and dumped off of chartered flights at 3am. We're hearing the SAME story all over the US. Humans without direction, resources or family unloaded to fend for themselves. FJB."
1049 "Meta means “beyond,” which is exactly where social is heading"
1050 "That's where they usually land so I don't see why this is a newsworthy story?"
1051 "American history 101. - - Knowing our current history will answer all their questions & help them adjust very quickly!!!"
1052 "The world did show up in the 80’s and October 2001 and then they both left 😂🤦🏾‍♂️"
1053 "Is it because they r going to teach our government how to grow opium poppies ?"
1054 "Let's welcome these brave people who will add so much to our nation!"
1055 🙏🙏
1056 "Oh sure, these people knew what was going to happen !!!"
1057 "Welcome to the land of the free🇺🇸"
1058 "My son served a year as a machine Gunner in Afghanistan,201
1-2012. He says many good things about those Afghanis he encountered. I've met several Afghanis. Good people come from every Nation on earth and become good AMERICAN citizens. Welcome to all such folk! God bless the United States.

Most enemies in the United States these days are home grown!"
1059 "Best of luck here in America 🇺🇸, thank you for helping our troops 👍❤️🙏"
1060 "Never forget 911 and the people responsible!"
1061 "If Trump were President. There country would be safe for them."
1062 "If Americans do not take back our country from the Progressives, America will sink into poverty and ruin. We will not be able to help ourselves, let alone anyone else in the world."
1063 "Yugoslavia in the making. Diversity is not your strength. It’s actually the go-to vector of destabilization
for the CIA when they want to regime-change or outright dismantle the target countries whose leaders or very existence they or their permanent bureaucracy and think-tank paymasters don’t like. But no “media” ever told you that."
1064 "they come here and change our customs and way of life and cost way to much of tax payers money"
1065 "And what about the American citizens who were left behind 🤔 so that they could 🤔 get out.."
1066 "are they going to be allowed to support themselves? the last I heard they were not eligible for work permits"
1067 "Yes Americans first"
1068 "How about getting the AMERICANS out...?"
1069 "Nothing to worry about. Sleepy Joe is going to give each one of them $450.ooo.oo Thousand Dollars to get settle in America...How much is he going to give us Taxpayers??? Is he going to Tax us to Death so they can live the American Dream, like he and his family are doing. Talk about insanity!!!"
1070 "Let’s go Brandon"
1071 "Get ready for honor killings to go up..."
1072 "I suppose the rest of them got left behind by Joe Biden... along with countless Americans."
1073 "wait until the Taliban find her..."
1074 "not one of them was vetted and most are males that are of fighting age. get rid of them, now."
1075 "Why they keep wearing hoods?"
1076 "BUT NOTHING for the AMERICANS biden left behind - - Even the democratic MEDIA has abandonded them as to not put biden in a bad light"
1077 #LGB😎
1078 "The US took 50,000. Other countries want them out of their country so the US will probably take the rest of them in."
1079 "I hope that the men do not attack none Muslim women on the street because they do not dress modestly. Just look up what happens in Europe, how these Muslim men beat women in the streets."
1080 "Why Can't we Can't & OrWont Bring Home theUS Citizens from Kabul that Want to Come back Home since The Miserable Departure in Aug. !😪😪😭"
1081 "Nope they are traıtor"
1082 "Can you goblins and ghouls just do search engines for China?"
1083 "Yes Google should donate BILLIONS"
1084 "Carpet bombs?"
1085 "Biden sure made a lot of enemies over there."
1086 "After sometime they want Sharia law"
1087 Welcome!!!!
1088 "Want to live in a better country? Then fix the country you live in"
1089 "Read a English version of The Koran.....feel the love they have for us infidels. This Country is being sold out and future generations will pay for it dearly.....How about Sharia?"
1090 "you people need to get off the liberal bandwagon"
1091 "Good move"
1092 "I wish Mew Jersey well."
1093 "By Invading and occupying for 20+ years"
1094 "All are welcomed ❤️"
1095 "Loser 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣"
1096 "Trump lost 😂"
1097 "Now I have this republican bully trying to bully me 🤣"
1098 "Trump lost 😂"
1099 "What about the so-called pandemic???"
1100 "Good, send all of the illegals to jersey."
1101 "May God bless all of you !"
1102 "Get out of our country."
1103 "They are most welcome here"
1104 "Remember when we got told it was just translators coming over?"
1105 "Was this before or after the Taliban beheaded the female athletes?"
1106 "Ken Jones"
1107 FJB
1108 "Maribel Barrias"
1109 "Google! Bahahaha!!! Lying Leftist Losers! The LLL is a part of the problem. I don't believe anything coming from Google."
1110 "So of the 120,000 evacuated 6,000 were American .
So 114,000 were Afghanistan's who helped USA ?
I'm confused weren't we there to help them ?
When is the rest of the world going to help themselves and when will the f-up government going to HELP America ?"
1111 "Welcome to USA. 👏👏👏❤️❤️❤️🇺🇸"
1112 "Fix your own country .
We can't afford to support any more ."
1113 "But now the biden administration are letting in terrorists"
1114 "it's a good thing but they should have been in compound until fully background checked how many Taliban could be here too"
1115 "Google???? Not surprised."
1116 Welcome!🇺🇸♥️
1117 Congratulations
1118 "And free everything !"
1119 "9000 illegal voters"
1120 "i say send em all back were spending a million dollars a month on illegals and refugees and not a dime on homeless veterans and Americans so hell no"
1121 "I hope you respect our laws and love Jews."
1122 "Shame they had to flee their homeland because of a religion...bide
ns people only hate one religion but they love to love the reason these people are refugees..."
1123 #letsgobrandon
1124 "Missoula Montana accepted ""vetted"" afghan refugees. One of them has already been arrested for raping a woman."
1125 "Jorge Urbano"
1126 "Trump lost 😂
Get over it already 😅
Stop the racism
What if the shoe was on the other foot?
Blah blah blah
Welcome to the divided States of America 🤗"
1127 Opportunists
1128 "I hope they learn our customs and language. That they can support themselves because it's their responsibility.
I hope they don't want to change us to suit them cause that will not help them nor would they be welcome."
1129 "If the LGB admin didn't f over the country..."
1130 "Biden didnt even show up"
1131 "Wolfs in sheep clothing, don’t buy into the peaceful Islam lie"
1132 "What happened to the those Americans left behind?"
1133 "Americans already showed up and were killed in process ! Why should we show more ?"
1134 "Glad you got out."
1135 "But Where Racists🤪"
1136 "Kim Jones"
1137 "In the US
If you consort with the enemy
It is called Treason
And punish able by Death
These people consorted with the enemy
Voluntarily
So they have to flee to escape death
For being treasonous"
1138 "How is paying for all this crap! 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤"
1139 "Why should we pay taxes to give to “Illegal Immigrants”??? What about those that abided by the laws & came in “Legally”. Time to “Impeach” an “Illegal President”👍👍 before our COUNTRY is overtaken 👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸❌⭕️. Time for DOJ Action!!!!"
1140 "Do whatever Biden isn't doing"
1141 "Remember they are alien treat them nice and help them as it was you"
1142 "There are other countries in the middle east to absorb refugees. Why here?"
1143 "Well maybe Google shouldn't have pulled out all the stops and censored Joe Biden into the White House. Then we wouldn't be having this ""what to do about Afghanistan"" conversation..."
1144 "Hope all goes well"
1145 "Why don’t they try fighting for their country like we have done for ours"
1146 "No stomach to fight for themselves.."
1147 "nobody welcomed any afghans. they are forced upon us from our POS govt."
1148 "Cave Jackson"
1149 "You'll be """"SORRY""""WELCOM
ING TERRORIST INTO YOUR HOUSE"
1150 "Screw that country !"
1151 "Don’t know how we can support millions of illegal s versus taking care of our own"
1152 "Afghans need to help themselves first before the world does."
1153 "like NJ is not messed up enough..."
1154 "That is a good idea . A good conducive media screen is the one that is clear of nonsense and nuisance offensive texts and images . Such expurgation is supported and recommended . So it should be performed immediately ."
1155 "interesting , thank you for the information."
1156 "Why don't you guys have a working customer service number that will actually REACH SOMEONE?! OMG I definitely expected better! The number on your own website comes back as non working! Also, you fall HQ and it's all automated telling you to go online and hang up or it says you guys are too busy and hangs up. So who is paying for my waste of time?"
1157 "Yes help all group her"
1158 ❤
1159 "منشورات مشاركة مجموعة طريقة الجنه وأعضاء لعشيرة عبده الصداقي مشاركة مجموعة العشير وأعضاء على طرقي لجنه"
1160 "Google to love."
1161 "A little off topic, but not really. Regarding images, safety; how about blurring Google Maps and street view of key infrastructure utilities subject to attack, as in recent articles about drones and copper wire."
1162 "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.~Alaafin🦅"
1163 "How may I recover my Gmail account and google photo account"
1164 Google
1165 "Follow🖤

بعد اذنكم ثانيه واحده انا محمد بغدادي
متحدث تحفيزي وكاتب قصص قصيرة ومحتاج دعمكم 🙏⁦❤️⁩"
1166 "Google advanced"
1167 "We NEED DARK MODE in your iOS Drive app AND we NEED DARK MODE in your Drive desktop web app and DARK MODE on your CALENDAR DESKTOP WEB APP"
1168 "А есть прилога для удаления гугл из google"
1169 "Great i love googles"
1170 "Help me out"
1171 "Very well."
1172 "That's great"
1173 "new oromoo muics"
1174 H.G.T.P.D
1175 "https://
youtu.be/
CZamX5hMpyo"
1176 Hi
1177 "google is going to team up with the government to add fear to people about climate control. https://
adage.com/
article/
digital-marketin
g-ad-tech-news/
google-bans-ads-
deny-climate-ch
ange/2371561"
1178 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1179 "chịch kiểu 69 tê đỉnh kout A/E có xem thì vào ===> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1180 "mút bysm đẹp đẹp A/E thích coi thì vào ---> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1181 "Does that mean that maybe putting my address into Google Maps will actually lead to my home or just my street but 0.25 miles away? I know where I live but if anyone else tries to find me I have to give step by step directions every time.

But congrats, I guess. Hope you're happy in the position."
1182 ❤
1183 "The man looks tired and not smiling after calls with 4 time zones. Come on Google."
1184 "Google mama"
1185 "My 25 years in IT have brought me to near poverty."
1186 "منشورات مشاركة مجموعة طريقة الجنه وأعضاء لعشيرة ومدينة أب لوخضري مشاركة"
1187 "congratulations
on your new journey."
1188 "He looks exhausted"
1189 "Put colour on bus numbers!!!!!"
1190 "Coolest name ever and a very beautiful man"
1191 Congratulations
1192 "up to you..feel so bored already..tQ"
1193 "Hello Subasis"
1194 Congratulations
1195 Welcome
1196 "UNU Kalbar kuliah karyawan"
1197 Facebook
1198 "KhinThiri May"
1199 """টাকা মানুষকে সুখ এনে দিতে পারে না""আমি মনে করি এটা একটা সম্পূর্ণ ভুল কথা। একটা মানুষের কাছে যখন টাকার অভাবে সুখ থাকে না তখন সে পরবর্তীতে টাকা পেলেও সুখ পায় না। কিন্তু ঐ মানুষটা যদি তার টাকাগুলো নিজে অথবা কোন NGO তে অনুদান করে তাহলে ঐ অভাবী মানুষগুলো তাদের জীবন বদলাতে পারে এবং যে মানুষটা আগে টাকার অভাবে নিজের স্বপ্ন পূরণ করতে পারেনি ঐ মানুষগুলো নিজেদের স্বপ্ন পূরণ করতে পারে এবং এটা দেখে ঐ মানুষটার কাছে সুখ আসতে বাধ্য। আসুন আমরা সবাই আমাদের সাধ্যমত আমাদের আশেপাশের মানুষদের সাহায্য করি"
1200 "I forget my google account password of thisaccount '' touhidulislam24
00@gmail.com'' any one can help me plz to reset my password. No Where are logdin this account. Plz help"
1201 "Raimondas Marciulevičius"
1202 "What is subhasis somting like hasis ?"
1203 "Địt tư thế cao bồi phê đỉnh cao A/E thích xem thì qua --> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1204 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1205 "We are so honored to be included in this incredible group of elite community resilience organizations selected from across the country for Google's #FirstResponders
Day tribute!
We are proud to represent Santa Barbara - the birthplace of the modern environmental movement - in a worldwide community resilience movement to face the challenges of life in a changed climate.
We would like to congratulate The Forestry and Fire Recruitment Program - FFRP, Kings Against Violence Initiative - KAVI and Texas Relief Warriors for their groundbreaking work and resilience leadership.
Thank you to Matt Carona and the nice people at Google for including us in this wonderful tribute!"
1206 ❤
1207 "Maybe you should google what a first responder is"
1208 "Awesome Cara Adams congrats 👏"
1209 "Law enforcement conspicuously absent. I guess those officers finding lost kids, putting domestic abusers in jail, following up on rapes, and running toward fires and gunshots can get bent?"
1210 "congrats Cara Adams"
1211 "What about Kids Closer To Sports"
1212 😍👍
1213 "I didn't receive any money from Google to go ahead and put your pictures up there and I'm just turning into the login"
1214 "Quuel bonne nouvelle.mes salutations"
1215 "For sss ghosts BDH SIA vCard the people very CAN OO just NEEDED MORE can PARTY PARTY PARTY MUCH established And The same"
1216 "Quel bonne nouvelle. mes salutations ."
1217 "Gu gồ sao đăng ảnh này nhìn xấu quá hà nha:7"
1218 good
1219 🥇👏👏👏👃
1220 "Thought that was Rick grimes bottom right, had to double take lol"
1221 "The first responders you want to fire if they refuse an experimental needle in their arm."
1222 "I'm getting tired of waiting for money I said someone invent s*** and you going to suspend me and commit Google heresies now you're going to jail so post your pictures and say your Google please"
1223 "Rfftrrrfrdffa Jxjxjxjz
P8ehquvdbqbh8dw
hbwihwdjisijaoj

M k n hbidvyodubehvni
efknsjpbasjdwvd
hoowjodwjodajsj
qsjbqqhqvshzv"
1224 "Purpose 👏"
1225 Congratulations
1226 "I'm on the beach"
1227 "Grand Picture"
1228 "Why don't you guys have a working customer service number that will actually REACH SOMEONE?! OMG I definitely expected better! The number on your own website comes back as non working! Also, you fall HQ and it's all automated telling you to go online and hang up or it says you guys are too busy and hangs up. So who is paying for my waste of time?"
1229 Hello
1230 "I'm Angus Salim, I founded a disaster care organization, I've done a lot of outreach to the community, but I don't have a permanent donor, if there are donors to support the organization,"
1231 "Già dã man con bò🤦🏼‍♂️"
1232 "Hola soy soldador"
1233 "Work I Work no clue idea 💪I have in her be I be help bit there but you her be want bit wait a I certain not have any of oooooao9 in my you of 😉I and been love ❤and u want ❤u ♥💕u 💖💕💗u 😊u u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤💖💙♥😘I miss lol and no one is a good friend so I and can you my have it so I can get have done some time then to can have just we to is go work in a bit few bits and but am a good guy who knows has what good Brouill BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill me Brouill a think a I say in is u hour possible you time I you going out for dinner and with couple few be as one for your kind perusal of and work yBrpuillou in I I'll get it have by off weekend week and as for Thursday do you let more need we want can u be by u I you done have all for you u like and like u a I lol u want I want u want u want to u want for u I it want to u be for time and I is a I one on I so u have me I know have a go and he I want u back u it my he is said need and me u you can want be do I can be u I want miss u go miss u too so I much lol u want u want u want u want to be talk about u want to be talk u want to u for me u you I me u to it u want it to be able for to be a friend who u want have u u know can be
I Work 💪👷😪😒you can ❤🙂😌🙃you ❤can so be a an be have able to help you ✨☺u 😊❤✨💖💛💙😊❤✨💖you ❤💙😊u 😊❤want 💪to 💖like want 👍u 😘😉u 😊want 💪u 😊u ❤😉😘u ☺u 💖u you 😊😉want 😘u 💪😊u u 😊u u want 🌙u 😉u 😘u ☺u 😜u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤😘😉💖☺u 😊❤u 😘u u 🌙u 😘😉u 😊want 💪❤😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊❤u 😉💖☺😊❤😘u 😊❤😘😉u 😊want 💪❤u 😊want"
1234 "ডসসু,ুুুিি,ুিি,
,ু,ুিআ,গচ,"
1235 "kimya kimya"
1236 yes.ok
1237 "https://
docs.google.com/
forms/d/e/
1FAIpQLSdMOjmYS0
NjYkQrhXlc0nBAe
ChiPAlbaVn_EmSq
l6Fc-WcWJg/
viewform?usp=sf_
link"
1238 "Can this be solved, Google? Looks like such a simple problem with such grave consequences.

https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=GX1ecLaJ
FyE"
1239 "google is going to team up with the government to add fear to people about climate control. https://
adage.com/
article/
digital-marketin
g-ad-tech-news/
google-bans-ads-
deny-climate-ch
ange/2371561"
1240 "Work 💪16th an July one absolute 💯👌and ❤I I that you would can have get have be with u you me I u can u who not love u have so BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill Brouill to me u u want 💖u 😊u u 😊🌙u u want 💖u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u ❤u 🎶u 💖💓u 😊❤🎶💖u 😊❤u 🎶u 💖💓u 😊❤u 😊❤🎶💖💓u 💗😊u I 😊❤🎶u 😊❤🎶💖💓💗😊❤🎶💖💓💗u u 🌙u 😊❤🎶u 😊❤🎶💖💓u 😊u 😊u 😊u ❤🎶💖u 😊u u 😊like 🎶u 😊u 😊❤🎶💖u 😊❤🎶💖💓u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤🎶💖💓💗u 😊u 😊u 😊❤u u want u u 🎶💖u 💓u ✨😊❤u u 🌙🎶u 💖💓u 😊u 😊u 😊❤🎶💖💓I u 🎶u 😊❤u 😊u u 😊u 🌙😊u 😊u BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill Brouill want u 🎶💖💓💗✨u 😊o 🎶u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u ❤u 😊u 😊u u 😊u u 😊u 🌙😊u 😊of u me u o u 🎶u u want 🌙🎶u 😊❤u 😊u u 🌙🎶u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊❤🎶💖💓💗u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊❤🎶u 😊❤🎶💖u u want want 💖u away u 🎶I want u 🎶💖so u 🎶💖u 😊❤🎶💖💓✨u 😊"
1241 "https://
youtu.be/
TBta3h_Koz8
Hey there
Its sadia
Here is my first vedio
How was this?"
1242 "16th Work 💪👷😴👌🙌😪💪👷and ❤I'm ❤you ❤can 💖😘your ✨u 😊can 💖Sunday can you to I u want me u BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill you I dog 🐕u u 😊🌙u u 😊u 🌙u 😊❤u 😊❤😘u 😊u 😊u u 😊u u 😊🌙u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u u 😊🌙u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u 😊u u jus 😘want 💪❤😊u 😊u 😊u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤u 😊❤😘u 😊❤u 😊u ❤😘💖💙♥u 😊u 😊u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u ❤😘u u 😊🌙u u 😊🌙u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤u u want 🌙😘u ❤😘u u 😊u 🌙😊u u 😊u u 😊u u want 🌙u u 🌙want u 💪like u I u lol 😆u 😊u ❤💖😘💓u 💗u 😊u ❤u u 😊u 😊u u lol want 😆u 😘u 💖u 💗♥u u 😊u 😊u ❤u u want 🌙u 😊❤u u want 💖💗u 😊u u want u 💖u ❤you 😘u ❤u 😘💖u you 😊want 😘u 💪😊u u 🌙Brouill BrpuillBrppuill
Brpuill so to can much have tell tell me our that matter want you're we off in now for you can big do much not so much and I am u out to for a I have going to through o for her in and so is a going good big and is I good person guy I she she is done familiar a her what off and can holiday is has to be o by her and she is a fine one of oooooao9 in on row that you have we can go ahead for this Brpuill Brouill so that we can I do much of you family want all friends to back to good be about in a want of her you life much love it to and for o9 and of it all 💖I you of mine yours are in need of have a trying better for 💖to of be in for you help 💖u you u 💖💓u 😊❤u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u u want 🌙u 💓u want 💖u 😊u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u u want 🌙u u 😊🌙💖u 😊❤u 😊❤u 😊u 😊❤u 😊❤u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊❤u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊❤💖💓💕u 💗u 😊❤💖and 💓💕
16th Work I to 💪to you to work 💪👷🙃🙂😪and ❤u 😊❤😘😉😜🙂😊❤😘😉😜🙂u BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill so 😊I love want you to be you ❤can 💖😘💗😊u 😊I can tell u our u no tell me me BrpuillBrpuillB
rpuill Samsung love Brouill so u and I so have no to apologise to all of them all I can off use on now evening night they Tuesday to a out be we have a had at for for I a few I know think 💖you you ❤want 💓u 💪want 😊⏲️u ♥u 😊❤💖💕💗♥😊"
1243 "Đêm hôm đè nện con hàng A/E có coi thì qua -\-\-> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1244 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1245 "I Work 💪want 💪🚶👍u 😊u 😊u 😊u 😊u u 😊u 🌙u 😊u ❤u u 😊u 🌙😊❤😘😔🙂💓😊❤u 😊❤😘🙂🤧😔😊❤😘🙂🤧😔😊❤😘🙂🤧😔😊❤😘🙂🤧😔is 💪👌and 💪I 👷think want can to me u Samsung you my can hands see 🙈your ✨your me ✨u and me u you 🎶😏😉😜😘u 😊u u 😊🌙🎶😏😉😘"
1246 "https://
www.mazaya-clean
.com/ › Cl...
شركة تنظيف بالدمام - مزايا كلين - 0501762179
‫شركه تنظيف مزايا كلين من www.mazaya-clea
n.com‬‎
شركة تنظيف بالدمام خصم 30٪ على مزايا كلين لخدمات التنظيف ... تعتبر شركة تنظيف الدمام من أبرز الشركات العاملة في مجال التنظيف بالدمام ، وتحرص في عملها ..."
1247 "e ck ơi em phê bysm ghê nện speed nữa lên A/E thích coi thì qua -=-> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1248 "Work I 💪have for is so big 😩😫I so I more joy 😂happy 😊☺😄💖I a you can ❤your to and you o ❤you your can your to our and you have get it off to you have can an come have help again Samsung in I'm I sure working 💪I and very good project one battery oooooao9 🔋and but have am go to to and want be a few weeks minutes get 😊on 😉and 😀☺on 💪😴😊u u want"
1249 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
1250 ❤
1251 "I woke up this morning and noticed 5 unauthorized Google transactions in the amount of $5 each. My bank told me Google was compromised and they had to cancel my wife's debit card. Google isn't talking about this either..... All the transactions were POS (point of sale) Mountain view California transactions which is the Google headquarters."
1252 "How about giving us some sort of live person you can speak with when someone gets locked out of their gmail and account recovery doesn’t work. You guys make billions and can’t even do that. I’m locked out of my Gmail account that I’ve had for years just because I got a new phone and number and can’t receive these dumb codes."
1253 Klk
1254 "need google cam for infinix note8."
1255 dunieln
1256 "Wait... that's a man?"
1257 www.google.com
1258 "THATS AWESOME GOOGLE💚💛❤"
1259 Surge
1260 Bes
1261 duniel
1262 "https://
bdgurukul.blogsp
ot.com/2021/10/
mind-power-ultim
ate-success-for
mula.html"
1263 "Porque ocultar tanto la ayuda desde la página de todos los santos alguna novedad que quieren ocultar verdad que eulis no puede revelar su participación verdad"
1264 "B K K T

MASTERCARD IS GOING TO BUY THEM OUT!!

Just watch!!"
1265 "don't forget leg day chuff"
1266 "Sabaheta Adrovic"
1267 "Sabaheta Adrovic"
1268 "Ánimo champoon"
1269 "Amen God bless you 👑✨ I bless you in Jesus Name ❤️🕯️ Jesus love you 🕯️👑 Jesus is Alive ✨✨"
1270 "سةسسةسةةسةسسةسة
ياسوسةتصتستصصتت
سايايةصصةيةايوس
ستيتتستاسساساست
ستستستستستستءتس
ستسسستستستتستسء
تستشتستستستستست
تستساسسا"
1271 "8ستستييتتعييتيت
3تتيتيتتيستييتت
يتيتيتييتيتيعيت
يتتييتيتيتتثيتي
تيععثتيعيتعيتيع
يتيعيعيععئعيععي
يغغييعغييغغيعاي
ععثععثععيععثعثع
يغيغئععيعثعثعتث
عثععث"
1272 "يونينتسستءتستست
تستسساتسيتايايت
يااساساسساساايا
ائايتياايايتيتي
صتصتستاسسساساسس
اياساسصاساسغسسغ
سغسغيسغسغسغيغغي
غيغسصاغ2غصا2اصا
صغصغصا"
1273 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1274 "~ Technology ~
Maybe It's Just A Great Way To Gather information Since The Beginning OF TiM£

Question :
Did You Become Aware OF All Or Any Sexually Transmitted Diseases, This Way Or Any illnesses Like Cancer, Covid19, A Tumor, An Any Virus That Spreads Rapidly.
EQUALS WHY CAN'T I JUST GET A MILLION DOLLARS #1.3"
1275 "ياثتئتتيتتتيتتت
يييتتيتتيتئتتنث
ثعسستستتسستتسنس
نستاستءوسءنسزسو
ءززءتاذءةذتءتتء
اءاءاءاءاءااساء
اياياسااييثاتئت
ثتاصتثثثثااصصغغ
سغصااصصصغصغفصل"
1276 "chơi hàng E ngon mới nhú lông anh em muốn xem thì qua =-=> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1277 "it would still be NICE IF Google would get the 6 Pro back IN STOCK in ALL Variants INSTEAD of waiting until Tomorrow (actual Release Day) -\-\ would be nice to pick up a ""Free"" pair of Buds Made by Google"
1278 "Google doesn't need to look at my passwords. Duck duck go is so much more informative"
1279 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
1280 "I like security tips.... 💞💞💞"
1281 Super
1282 "Google knows all my passwords, some great privacy!!!! FY"
1283 "And For sss www veg patch PARTY PARTY PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th the other you more likely that SAD to say the first"
1284 "Those are rookie numbers !"
1285 "I woke up this morning and noticed 5 unauthorized Google transactions in the amount of $5 each. My bank told me Google was compromised and they had to cancel my wife's debit card. Google isn't talking about this either..... All the transactions were POS (point of sale) Mountain view California transactions which is the Google headquarters."
1286 ❤
1287 "Hey, is there a number I can get ahold of to talk to someone. It's about charges on my Google account."
1288 "Can someone at Google please contact me? They disabled my email and I have no way of getting all of my work information out of my account"
1289 "And as a safe bet to make it up and the associated Zach Zach f2f Zach HAVE first hand to say the first"
1290 "Re MUCH vCard the right place Zach xoxo of xxx Zach CAN COME join me and more likely that SAD to say the first one"
1291 "and what about the fact that google is selling our private data illegally..?"
1292 "Google I have over 50 compromised passwords google told me to change them you think im about to go change 50 passwords at each website it would be better if yall changed them for me"
1293 "Necesito ayuda mi cuenta esta inhabilitada nose porque quiero ayuda para que me restablecan mi cuenta de nuevo"
1294 NO
1295 "dm chan vl"
1296 Google
1297 "Siete grandi"
1298 ...***...
1299 "need google cam for infinix note8."
1300 Hi
1301 🙃
1302 "The best password is ""password"" because no one would think you're dumb enough to use that as your password."
1303 "We are all getting rid of our Fire Tablets because of Google and their invasion of Privacy/ I can not use half of my Apps because I Refuse to register and give then all the info they want. Tell me google, this is a tablet I Play games on and read Books. According to what you said in one of your messages, What the heck does the Govt need my bday, and personal info to Play slot games and read a book !!!??"
1304 "THOSE A LUCKY NUMBERS IN THE GOOGLE"
1305 "Hi Google, I have a question, can you help me?"
1306 "Seriously google!🙂🥀"
1307 "Minh Hoang"
1308 "Thanks to google"
1309 "A Great Place :
To Know One OF Your ideas Went Through #GotAccepted
To Be Given Enough Guidance, & Enough Money To Move Forward
To Branch OFF & S££ IF You Could Do It By YourSelf
~ That's Everything ~"
1310 "How about giving us some sort of live person you can speak with when someone gets locked out of their gmail and account recovery doesn’t work. You guys make billions and can’t even do that. I’m locked out of my Gmail account that I’ve had for years just because I got a new phone and number and can’t receive these dumb codes."
1311 "Does Anyone have Read the Idea Just Khan Lloyds banking group and not MUCH else"
1312 "B K K T

MASTERCARD IS GOING TO BUY THEM OUT!!

Just watch!!"
1313 قسمك
1314 "nasrnor645@gmai
l.com"
1315 "https://
bdgurukul.blogsp
ot.com/2021/10/
mind-power-ultim
ate-success-for
mula.html"
1316 Bkkt
1317 "google is going to team up with the government to add fear to people about climate control. https://
adage.com/
article/
digital-marketin
g-ad-tech-news/
google-bans-ads-
deny-climate-ch
ange/2371561"
1318 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1319 "Take time to read this
If you doubt this do your own research

Save /mine Pi Coins while it's still free 😊
Soon it will have the value the estimate is
1 Pi Coin = 10 - 100 U.S. Dollars!

📢 How to accumulate Pi Coin ?? 3 Easy Steps!
Step 1 - Install the (Pi Network App) from Playstore or Apple store

Step 2 - 👉To claim your Pi, follow this link https://
minepi.com/
nellytech and use my username👉 (nellytech) as your invitation code.
Step 3-Log-in every 24 Hours to the Pi Network app (for continuous accumulation / mining of Pi Coin)

❗ No fees. No Investment required
❗ No Ads to watch

🚀 By December (Phase 3) when Pi Coin gains Value,
You can use your accumulated Pi Coin to buy products and services in the market 😊

It's simple isn't it? 😊 He has a lot of reviews from YouTube and Google ..
Morethan 20 million Users narin ang Pi Network app ❣️

Remember Bitcoin? He used to be ignored. But now,
1 Bitcoin = almost 3 Million Pesos all time
Just use my referral code to join ..
👌👌 Nellytech👌"
1320 "Hi Google,
I did a two step authentication on my email (ahmedmohammedw
apking@gmail.co
m) and I lost the 8 digits password together with my phone.
Since then I've been unable to retrieve it.
Could you please turn off the two-factor Authentication for me?
Google"
1321 "Necesito ayuda google olvide la contraseña de mi cuenta y ya probé todos los métodos posibles para recuperarla pero no me deja y no tengo como comunicarme con alguien de su empresa para que me ayude a recuperar mi cuenta ya que en ella tengo muchas cosas importantes si alguien me pudiera ayudar este es mi correo alternativo dmc251982@gmail
.com o mi numero 97016351 en Honduras les agradeceré mucho su ayuda ya que me urge recuperar mi cuenta"
1322 "https://
www.mazaya-clean
.com/ › Cl...
شركة تنظيف بالدمام - مزايا كلين - 0501762179
‫شركه تنظيف مزايا كلين من www.mazaya-clea
n.com‬‎
شركة تنظيف بالدمام خصم 30٪ على مزايا كلين لخدمات التنظيف ... تعتبر شركة تنظيف الدمام من أبرز الشركات العاملة في مجال التنظيف بالدمام ، وتحرص في عملها ..."
1323 "Azai săm trổ hấp diêm con hag đẹp đê mê ae muốn coi thì qua -\-\> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1324 "Check hàng lolz xinh tuyệt vời Ae thích coi thì vào -=-> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1325 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
1326 "WORST COMPANY to deal with if you are a business with a listing. Cannot reach anyone. Get auto generated form letters to EVERY request. All of them are sent from overseas and no one will actually address an issue"
1327 "This is all just PR talk"
1328 "need google cam for infinix note8."
1329 "interesting
thanks for sharing"
1330 "Thanks for supporting my group her we need moor help for all new for company devalued"
1331 "لــي تـصادف مـع هـاد الـكومنطير ســير اللـه يــفرحك ويفـتح ليـك ولـينا أبــواب الـخير الا ما عــاونا بمــتابعـة لـلـبــاج الــى كـان ممـكن ❤️🙏"
1332 "#BeautyHasNoColo
r"
1333 "Tommy moulden"
1334 "https://
fb.watch/
8VyQVTDkq1/"
1335 "No love for the Asians?"
1336 "Google!! Buy out DATS!!!"
1337 "Chivas Regal"
1338 DATS
1339 "Pojebany Facebook"
1340 😒
1341 Hi
1342 "Google:ONLINE BANKING FREE :RM300,000,000,
000,00.🇲🇾🌏📲🇲🇾"
1343 Türkce
1344 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1345 "This isnt a good idea. Note : there were many black knights who worked along with German Templars during dark ages and UK royals have ancestors who are blacks."
1346 "انضم الكوكل"
1347 "Dont let BLM and cancel culture censor Google in the future. It's their goal."
1348 "bú bysm E non mới nhú lông ae muốn xem thì qua =-=> Film xxx 18+ nóng"
1349 "When you tear up a pen and paper password you know it’s really deleted…"
1350 "No, thanks. What if someone (including a disgruntled Google employee) hacks your password manager? I'd rather stick with a piece of paper stored safely at home. Yes, my house can get burgled, but if it does, I will know it and immediately change my passwords ASAP. Someone hacking you will not get relayed to me anytime soon."
1351 "Great👍 cause Google has NEVER been hacked 🙄🙄🙄"
1352 "That’s risky, or more so, as trusting auto pay to a third party. Just setting yourself up for your bank account to be wiped out. Think about it."
1353 "I have a Pixel 5a, purchased 8/26.
It's has static, drops calls and it on the edge of non usable. I have spent 2 hours trying to file a Warranty Claim. It like a game of Whack A Mole. I can't get though to support and I keep getting prompted to the same Help Pages OVER AND OVER AGAIN. I've clicked on every possible issue. I made a claim with Assurant and they told me to contact Google. I paid you for Preferred Care."
1354 "i hate google searchbar... and on the super new costumizable android 12 can't even remove it"
1355 "I have my passwords written into a little book that is in a secure place. If l forget one, l just get the book out and there it is. I have used this book for years, and have never had a problem. When l change a password, l show when it was changed. I have different passwords for everything."
1356 "that way you (and Google) can access your passwords anywhere"
1357 "Please I can't sign in to my email account and that's where all my contacts are"
1358 "#احنا ما بنطوي الصفحات 🖐
احنا بنمزع مزع 👌
#من يظن انه سند لنا فنحن لا نميل
الان سندنا هو الله ☝"
1359 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
1360 "I can't find the paper I wrote it down on"
1361 "Google clean my phone"
1362 "Bring back Google Plus please! I lost all my valuable posts ever since Google Plus service was terminated."
1363 "Jose cavahais amigos fcebook favaritos"
1364 "لــي تـصادف مـع هـاد الـكومنطير ســير اللـه يــفرحك ويفـتح ليـك ولـينا أبــواب الـخير الا ما عــاونا بمــتابعـة لـلـبــاج الــى كـان ممـكن ❤️🙏"
1365 "Would not trust big tec with my passwords, sorry google."
1366 "You're in the army now!!!"
1367 "If you write your PWs down, you don't have to write the entire PW - just enough of a ""clue"" so that you know what it is but no one else could know."
1368 "Just give it a standalone app."
1369 "Does anyone have a tip as to how to navigate to Google Support that i can file a warranty claim? Its so frustrating"
1370 "Yeah , sure. Until Googles password manager gets hacked."
1371 "I want your customer service line. This is awful, buffering on YouTube, Google assistant all over the place,the Google apps as a whole have been acting real screwy all day and I want answers."
1372 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
1373 莊承樂
1374 "ohip doctor has taught my parents internal body abuse from thc . my ex wife also works for same hospital... and these people must not bother me.."
1375 "Are you kidding? I wouldn't trust big tech with anything. People, Don't do it!!!!"
1376 "I've given up. I can't remember where all the little pieces of paper are. Can't remember any passwords anymore."
1377 "Google hacked my checking account this
Morning with 12 Chinese charges that all say google."
1378 "Odd. I accidentally shredded my passwords three days ago."
1379 "You contractually bound when you charge for service to solve the buffer so why is the buffer problem still active. I mean the Google app just crashed and burned, I buffered so bad I thought the phone had died. It literally on YouTube hadn't played a sound in three minutes. I go to investigate but the Google assistant in operation right where I said you have a buffer problem. What the hell?"
1380 "Write your passwords on something that you know you won’t lose."
1381 "Saving passwords in Chrome 😁"
1382 "I don't have enough followers but I thanks God for the little I have

#blessedandgrate
ful"
1383 "Why did my network admin turned the restricted mode on and now i can't turn it off?"
1384 নাইছ
1385 "We trust the techgiant Google! Thank you for living up to our expectations 🙏❤💖!"
1386 "Give them your pass word LOL thats like trusting everryone to do the right things."
1387 "Open-Source & Free KeePass"
1388 "Hello afreka"
1389 "❤️ Google 😊"
1390 "I’d rather stick a pen 🖊 in my eye then put any of my passwords onto a computer, phone ☎️ etc. 🇺🇸☺️"
1391 "Forget it if it’s a google product,they will have all your info!"
1392 masa
1393 Why
1394 😀😀
1395 "The new wisdom? Put on your passwords on their program to save the hackers valuable time???? Just like the cloud can’t be hacked-lol"
1396 "need google cam for infinix note8."
1397 "Give google all your passwords…..so they can help you?"
1398 "Hallo google play"
1399 ❤
1400 "#AIphabET #ABsEEs #gOOglingO"
1401 "Cause you can really, really trust Google! Hahahahaha"
1402 "Can it be hacked? Will someone break into my home, find my password sheet and steal it ?"
1403 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1404 "Rolodex. Card for each account. Cross off and add new password."
1405 "Absolutely NOT!"
1406 "Your personal device should handle all of your passwords, Not only remembering them, but creating really good ones, then The activation protocol to turn on or awaken your device should be rigged up to be both very easy, & also flip to a fake account ( that looks like you turned your device on ) when you activate it ‘incorrectly’, such as; you hit The on button, & your device says “good morning Henry” & The you answer with something kooky, & this response is always different, but real access follows one pattern, & The fake open is something else … ?"
1407 "That's me"
1408 "That's exactly how my bank account got hacked. I'll keep my notebook."
1409 "That’s me EVERY day looking for something"
1410 "I like the idea of a temporary email address that you can discard if hacked.

https://
codeandhack.com/
temporary-email-
services-to-pro
tect-privacy/
amp/"
1411 "Til google gets hacked from a tech they fired and he/she sells your passwords to the dark web."
1412 "ব্ল্যাক রাইস ( কালো চাল) এর বিশেষ গুণাবলী ও উপকারিতা:

১. Super Food Black Rice
২. ডায়াবেটিস নিয়ন্ত্রণ করে।
৩. কোষ্ঠকাঠিন্য প্রতিরোধ করে।
৪. স্মরণ শক্তি বৃদ্ধিতে সহায়তা করে।
৫. ক্যান্সার প্রতিরোধ করে।
৬. যৌবন শক্তি বৃদ্ধি করে।
৭. মোটা ও স্থুলতা প্রতিরোধ করতে সহায়তা করে।
৮. হৃদপিণ্ড / হার্ট সুস্থ রাখে।
৯. রক্ত বৃদ্ধিতে সহায়তা করে।
১০. রোগ প্রতিরোধ ক্ষমতা বাড়ায়।
১১. বিষমুক্ত অর্গানিক ভাবে চাষ করা হয় ।
১২. সংরক্ষণের জন্য কোন ধরনের ক্যামিকেল ব্যবহার করা হয়না।

কালো চালের বীজ পেতে যোগাযোগ করুন -01751468480"
1413 "استعادة صفحتي على الفيس ولكم جزيل الشكر والامتنان"
1414 "https://
fb.watch/
8VyQVTDkq1/"
1415 "Google wants to steal your passwords and sell them to advertisers. Go fuck yourself google"
1416 "How to backup your photos on Google photos
https://
youtu.be/
NU2nrAzk15k"
1417 "شركة بلص للكهرباء"
1418 "HELP! My Gmail was hacked and I’m completely locked out. I’ve tried the gmail recovery process and got nowhere. I feel incredibly irritated I can’t reach ANYONE at Google to help. I’m tried everything. I feel extremely uneasy knowing someone has my Gmail password and is in my personal business and I’m missing out on all my emails.
Someone from Google PLEASE reach out…. Or give me a number to reach someone."
1419 www.google.com
1420 "আসসালামু আলাইকুম
কোরআনের সৌন্দর্যে প্রতিটি হৃদয় হউক সজ্জিত
কোরআনের আলোতে প্রতিটি হৃদয় হউক আলোকিত

যারা বাসায় বসে কোরআন শিখতে চান আমাদের গ্রুপে এড হয়ে আমাদের সাথেই থাকেন।
https://
facebook.com/
groups/
3721676687915960"
1421 "on a pirater mon compte google et on a changer mon mot de passe et le tel même le code de validation que puis-je faire ?"
1422 "Thanks you please."
1423 "Stay out of the Columbia River Gorge"
1424 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
1425 "i forgot my Google password account And i lost my 8 digit back up code i can't access to my gmail like i said i forgot my password And when i Try to recover my account with my phone Number they send the verification code to my gmail Only how i can recover it Now i am like that from 6 months i need help contact me please To give all my account informationsthe
email And my phone number And the date when i create it just help"
1426 "https://
youtu.be/
Y3A2nKuARtg"
1427 Jo
1428 Dream
1429 "well said my friend.
thanks for all the information."
1430 "Good afternoon, you have many ways to make enjoyment in your users"
1431 "Chopin's waltzes are the most beautiful and romantic of his works! ❤"
1432 "Chopin’s most beautiful music 🎼 I love ❤️ so much."
1433 "Such a wonderful Polish composer and virtuoso pianist!🎶🎶"
1434 "The most beautiful music ever ❤️"
1435 "The greatest composer and pianist of all. How proud I am , this Polish woman."
1436 "So love this kind of music. Soothing."
1437 "Wrote the most beautiful music for the piano."
1438 "Beautiful music for your listening pleasure"
1439 "Most wonderful music to listen to !!!"
1440 "Nørędÿ Matondo🙂"
1441 "Loved his music when I was a young piano student & still do!"
1442 "I love Chopin’s music it has a special charm that touches your soul."
1443 Love
1444 "I’ve been playing his Prelude in e minor the past couple weeks. It is a piece of simple elegance."
1445 "Sweetest music 'this side of heaven'!!!"
1446 "Well not sure of anyone else but Chopin has been my favorite for many decades! ❤️❤️❤️"
1447 "It would be nice if you could just fix all issues that YouTube Music has, or at least bring back Google Play Music 😐"
1448 "I grew up listening to his music. My Mom played piano."
1449 "My favorite composer.

Such a romantic and nostalgic soul"
1450 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
1451 "Great idea!I love it!"
1452 "THANKYOU !! I enjoy so much, lisztening to what I used to play so many years ago!!"
1453 "!! Me encanta ! Es melancólica y hermosa la Obra de Chopin ! Se deleita y da paz , serenidad ! Muy relajante ! 😊🙏🎶🎶🎶"
1454 "Música de verdad. La verdadera música. Música Clásica, la cual resulta. Incurta, para muchos oídos."
1455 "Cómo “pianista” me encanta Chopin. Uno de los grandes compositores"
1456 "I’ve always loved Chopins music!"
1457 "Excellent
Thank you for sharing"
1458 "Su Nocturno 2 es la composición que más me conmueve de él."
1459 "Beautiful just beautiful thank you"
1460 "He was a genius. Cut slits between his fingers to reach more notes on the piano. Died of gangrene from the infections. Crazy"
1461 "I love ❤ this music"
1462 "Poli omorfo!!! Thank you, Mr. Chopin and Mr. Nikiforou!!!🙏🙏🙏💕💕💕"
1463 "Piano Sonatas are lovely."
1464 "Amazing composder , Bravo."
1465 "تنعكس محبّة الله ورضاه في محبة النّاس لعباده.
#متابعة"
1466 "His minute waltz and Polonaise were made popular in the movies years ago!!"
1467 "Used to be some of my favorite music to play, when I could play it."
1468 "My favorite composer"
1469 "Love my classical music 🥰😍😘"
1470 "Loved Chopin!!!!"
1471 "I have seen his grave in Paris. Flowers all over. He is still so beloved."
1472 "Congratulations
."
1473 "Congratulations
."
1474 "Love Chopin."
1475 "Maravilloso!!!!
!
El mejor!!!"
1476 "Si es bien gratificante y no pasa de moda"
1477 "He was only 39 yrs old when died. Accomplished so much."
1478 "Exelente musica pero lastima que en este Pais despedician mucho talento"
1479 "Love. Romantic. Music."
1480 "Why there is no Beethoven competition 😭 I love Beethoven!"
1481 Genial
1482 "Que belleza de música"
1483 "Que talento y que gran músico. 👏"
1484 "Me encanta ver cenas da vida de Chopin!"
1485 A
1486 "კლასიკური მუსიკა უკვდავია❤️❤️"
1487 "Najwiekszy geniusz wszechczasów,Po
lski Szopen,,Pianist
a.""🇵🇱"
1488 "And Read BIT of a ilcom to go back to work with you have a good MUCH better PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th the other one was just thinking about you"
1489 "اجمل مسيقى"
1490 "Hey Google good morning."
1491 cool
1492 "Vita, Natura & Benessere"
1493 💙
1494 🥂
1495 "Mercedes Balmaseda"
1496 "Colette Vigeant"
1497 👍❤️
1498 ❤
1499 ❤️♥️♥️👍👍👍
1500 🎶
1501 🌹🌹🌹
1502 ❤❤💫
1503 ❤️
1504 "Chopin's and the most beautiful music ever..."
1505 "And Read BIT of a ilcom to go back to work with you have a good MUCH better PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th the otherwise ONE was was was just thinking about you"
1506 "And Read BIT of a ilcom to go back to work with you have a good MUCH better PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th the otherwise one was just thinking about you"
1507 "And Read BIT of a ilcom to go back to work with you have a good MUCH better PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th type otherwise otherwise otherwise ONE otherwise ONE was was was justified thinking about you have to go back to work with thinking about you"
1508 "And Read BIT of a ilcom to go back to work with you have a good MUCH better PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th type otherwise otherwise otherwise ONE otherwise ONE was was was just thinking about you"
1509 Nice
1510 "Love it!"
1511 "Marina Ustayeva"
1512 "Jego muzyka...nie mająca sobie rownej..trafia do tak ogromnej ilości odbiorców..osób
w całym swiecie..do wszystkich nacji....jako zjawisko niepowtarzalne.
.ulotne a obrazujące dusze..osobowoś
ć młodego Polaka...Chopin
to nasz narodowy skarb..który w muzyce uwiecznil nasza Polska nature..romanty
zm..elegancje..
I marzenie do zycia w wielkiej harmonii..I z naturą żywa i z tą nieozywiona.Chw
ala niechaj Ci będzie Wielki Fryderyku Chopinie za to że Polska w Twojej muzyce..jest niepowtarzalnie
piekna..nieosią
galne dla maluczkich."
1513 "Beautiful !"
1514 "Elba Alvarez"
1515 "Beautiful ❤️❤️❤️"
1516 "Anahit Grigoryan"
1517 "Very nice"
1518 "Polands pride🇵🇱❤️🇵🇱"
1519 "Etude in E minor Opus 28 - my favourite"
1520 Phenomenal!
1521 "Райна Найденова"
1522 "Gladys Pomar"
1523 "Olga Tretyakova"
1524 Agreed
1525 Lovely!
1526 "Love 💘 this !!!"
1527 حيهخخثتثنثمصص
1528 "https://
api.lotus668.xyz
/user/
ref?uid=1206424&
ch=VARSHAPRO&de
sc=found an interesting app ! Come to join me!"
1529 "شوفان اسى الحب 😌😌😌"
1530 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
1531 "អពញ ៗធ ពែឬ"
1532 "https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
134128922056076/
?ref=share"
1533 "زب نسيت رمز الايميل قولولي الحل"
1534 FANTASTIC
1535 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1536 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1537 "Fiftees music"
1538 H
1539 Super
1540 "Advertisement for all persons
https://
youtube.com/
shorts/
WcJOWGMPtes?feat
ure=share"
1541 "I need followers"
1542 "Facebook.com/
legionofthebounc
ycastle"
1543 "🛡️💥Ótimo Conteúdo a ⚔️🛡️⚔️Code Phone Gamer⚔️🛡️⚔️ Deseja Sucesso💥🛡️"
1544 "i need a help plzz reply me!!"
1545 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
1546 😳
1547 "These are red lights. Let's get past the buffer please."
1548 "are you starting a business??? so you need a logo, a business card,
... right? well, take a look, contact the admin of this page, you will be satisfied, here is the link :
https://
www.facebook.com
/LotLogo/"
1549 "Hany Adawy"
1550 Xcxx
1551 "Destácate Máximo Lugo"
1552 "JOIN THE GREAT ILLUMINATI BROTHER HOOD TODAY AND LIVE A BETTER AND HAPPY LIFE. WELCOME TO THE GREAT TEMPLE OF RICHES,FAME AND POWERS. Are you a business,Man or woman, politician, musician,pastor
,lawyer,actor,a
ctress,banker, and you. want to be rich, powerful and be famous in life. You can achieve your dreams by being a member of the Great ILLUMINATI brother hood. With this all your dreams and heart desire can be fully accomplish, if you really want to be a member of the great ILLUMINATI brother hood, Note: newly recruited members are entitled with $700,000 US Dollars , A Golden Ring, that will protect and guild you from enemies, and a free visa to the United State Of America . Please will do not share human blood. Kindly whatsapp us on +2348118636462"
1553 "hey Google help me i forgate my google password"
1554 "my Gmail account problem please help me.."
1555 "Bozena Kaniowska"
1556 "For All Lloyds pharmacy MUCH NEEDED NEEDED bbq BDH been called and come CAN COME down PARTY likely more BIT going doing WWW first say PARTY MUCH ailcom and the first 12th 5th"
1557 "https://
youtu.be/
brxkTgQhpss"
1558 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
458201601607182/
posts/
1094718184622184
/"
1559 "I don't know where my Gmail ID is logged in or help me get my Gmail IDI don't know my Gmail ID password I don't get my Gmail ID code once mobile numberPlease help improve this article or section by expanding it"
1560 "-Looking♡Forwar
d->"
1561 Awesome
1562 Genius...
1563 "www.darnachralm
aarifa.ma"
1564 "Subscribe to My youtube Channel Mr.FaceTv https://
m.youtube.com/
watch?v=mWCfuffr
XKo"
1565 "POUR TOUJOURS IL VIVRA DANS LE COEUR DES HOMMES Et DES FEMMES DE CE MONDE !"
1566 "Page support ❤️ please 🙏"
1567 "Please Like our page

www.facebook.co
m/jourrichy"
1568 "Being able to turn yourself into marketable asset through an emotional story is gold. Noted."
1569 "Hello. I asked you for a PIN code again. Our post office cannot find the second letter in any way. They require a track number or a barcode number to track where the letter is located. Please send me the letter number if available. Thanks a lot. I will wait for your answer!)"
1570 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
1571 ✌
1572 "And yet, you are going to pull your app off of Roku this December. F.U. Google!"
1573 "I When see Barcelona vs Real Madried,"
1574 Hum
1575 😀
1576 nice
1577 "Happy birthday Google"
1578 "قصة صينية حزينة
ߘԊ琨灯㡦㡦㡦捥捥捥㬩慢正牧畯
摮椭慭敧獭氭湩慥牧摡敩瑮琨灯㡦
㡦㡦捥捥捥㬩慢正牧畯摮椭慭敧楬
敮牡札慲楤湥潴昣昸昸攣散散戻捡
杫潲湵浩条㩥楬敮牡札慲楤湥潴昣
昸昸攣散散汩整㩲牰杯摩䐺䥘慭敧
牔湡晳牯楍牣獯景牧摡敩瑮猨慴瑲
潃潬卲牴昣昸昸獩汰祡戺潬正潭潢
摲牥爭摡畩㩳瀲㭸漭戭牯敤慲楤獵
㈺硰
لا حول ولا قوة الا بالله .. كلام بقطع القلب ..💔💔
وخصوصاً لما قال : 汦睯攺灩😔😔"
1579 "Awesomely Inspiriting"
1580 "Pumpkin soup"
1581 "Page support ❤️ please 🙏"
1582 "Toto je slovenské google? kde je slovenčina?"
1583 "I don't know where my Gmail ID is logged in or help me get my Gmail IDI don't know my Gmail ID password I don't get my Gmail ID code once mobile numberPlease help improve this article or section by expanding it"
1584 "تنعكس محبّة الله ورضاه في محبة النّاس لعباده.
#متابعة"
1585 "I have"
1586 "Yo caneycan you also change my aua reager"
1587 "شكرا لك"
1588 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
1589 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
1590 "Ergina επιασες στη γκουγκλ και δε μας το πες?"
1591 "Dont trust Google"
1592 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1593 "TMJ Família unida forte invencível"
1594 "GOOGLE:ONLINE BANKING FREE:RM100,000,
000,00.🇲🇾🌏📲🇲🇾"
1595 "https://
fb.watch/
8VyQVTDkq1/"
1596 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
458201601607182/
posts/
1094718184622184
/"
1597 "انا اسمى زياد واري مصادقتك ﻣﺤﻤﺪ ﻧﺎﺻﺮ ﺻﺎﻟﺢ ﺍﺣﻤﺪ"
1598 "استرجاع حسابى"
1599 "انا اسمى زياد واريد مصادقتك ﻣﺤﻤﺪ ﻧﺎﺻﺮ ﺻﺎﻟﺢ ﺍﺣﻤﺪ"
1600 younglim.net
1601 "Chivas Regal"
1602 Hi
1603 "YouTube and Google is generating tons of data that need to be stored at their data center and result in vast amount of energy to cool their data centers. They need to use free cooling system using the coldness of space with technologies from SkyCool Systems or the paint from the company in the link below that don't use any carbon emitting energies. http://
skycool.com.au/"
1604 "PLEASE IMPLEMENT DARK MODE on your Drive app for iOS and iPadOS as well as on your desktop web version AND your desktop web version of your calendar app"
1605 G0l♂LE
1606 "انا اسمى زياد واريد مصادقتك ﻣﺤﻤﺪ ﻧﺎﺻﺮ ﺻﺎﻟﺢ ﺍﺣﻤﺪ محمد عيد ابو صلاح"
1607 "13235579926 🤙"
1608 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
1609 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1610 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
1611 "🛡️💥Ótimo Conteúdo a ⚔️🛡️⚔️Code Phone Gamer⚔️🛡️⚔️ Deseja Sucesso💥🛡️"
1612 "Презеденту компании Гугол
от
Власова Дмитрия
Украина.
Vlasovdmitrii9@
gmail.com

Обращения

Привет я гражданин Украины меня завут Дмитрий Власов я обращяюсь к вашему владельцу компании с просьбой не содрудничять и не дружить с властями Российской федерации!
Обясняю вам что Россия является апасной режимной государства которое ущемляет права людей, а также дествуют как и раньше репресии против своего народа и за их не согласен с властями РФ.
Прошу пожалуста не вкоем случии не передавайте властям РФ личные данные пользуватилей иностранных граждан включяя граждан России и стран СНГ, прошу пожалуста не предоставляйте им право доступа к вход в наши личные кабинеты пользуватилей чтоб они не смогли не только добыть наши личные данные но мугут знать где мы находимся и находятся наши родные для ареста или ликвидации их наших жизнии на смерть , они могут через нашы личные кабинеты ликвидировать сайты, аккаунты, данные и плоть аккаунта.
Я ОБРАЩЯЮСЬ К ВАМ МНОГОУВАЖАЕММЫЙ
ВЛАДЕЛЕЦ-ПРЕЗЕД
ЕНТ КОИПАНИИ ГУГОЛ ПАЖАЛУСТА НЕ СУТРУДНИЧЯ И НЕ ДРУЖИ С ВЛАСТЯМ РОССИИ И НЕ ПЕРЕДАВАЙ НАШИ ДАННЫЕ!
На случии утечки наших данные что принесет нам тяжких убыточных проблем , в противном случаи компаня будет терять клиентов в месте с финансовым доходов на пользу конкуренту что ваша компания получяет убытки и не сможете дальнеше содержать сестему кадра и техники арендованых имуществ вы будите терять до уровня 2000 года.
А также через жалобы могут вас привлеч к Суду в США за продажу конфедициональн
ых данных, корупцию , и шпеонаж в пользу России а такж к государственной
измене !
Спасибо что выполнели мою просьбу и за понимания.
С уважениям Власов Дмитрий.

30.10.2021"
1613 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
1614 "I want to thank Dr Ayo healing herbs really house for the help he has rendered to me by getting Rid of my Fibromyalgia I was Diagnosed in July by 2018 but after the usage of dr olu healing herbs really house Herbal medicine, I was cured from (Fibromyalgia) and the disease. was completely gone from my body.The symptoms of the Fibromyalgia disease is completely Gone, WhatsApp number +2349058916681 You can contact him through Facebook page https://
www.facebook.com
/
Dr-Ayo-Herbal-Ho
me-113277057800
914/ or Email: drayoherbalhome
165@gmail.com So anyone who is having the diseases should contact dr olu healing herbs really_house to give you the herbal medicine to cure He cures all this illness,
1 diabetes cure
2 ringing ear
3 herpes cure
4 warts cure
5 HPV
6 cureHiv
7 get your ex backq
8 High blood pressure"
1615 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1616 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
1617 ❤
1618 nice
1619 "I need help in accessing the money my videos have earned and need to speak to a human in google!"
1620 "شكرا كوكل حلوة التقنية✌💟"
1621 "interesting thanks for sharing."
1622 "I just came to say, remember when google video searches actually led to videos instead of written journalism?"
1623 "I turned the sleazy assistant off. If you think that woman wants you buffering, crashing,and outright not listening to our requests and trying to catch a k outside of her house,you go bam on her door. I'm not doing any of that."
1624 Lofts.sh
1625 "I need help from google"
1626 wow
1627 wow
1628 wow
1629 "Muito bom"
1630 "Chivas Regal"
1631 "Ok nice 👍🏻"
1632 Interesting
1633 "Google has been deducting money from.my account for 2 days.

How do I get it back"
1634 super
1635 "Oromo use"
1636 Googaleplays
1637 "Google is now waist"
1638 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
1639 "Thanks for time company help my frinds her but we need moor support for days comunctions"
1640 "Why is Google the matriarch of phoney scamming apps and scam posting?? Is no one in the scam patrol and why is no one reviewing those phoney apps with monetizing ad surfing that claim to pay and never do? Get it together Google"
1641 "Please am having issues with my gmail account, is more than a two months now I have been locked out of my Google account please help me to gain back access to my Google account."
1642 "201122439081+
Egypt"
1643 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
photo?fbid=51222
79744454987&set
=a.315030778513
265"
1644 "I don't know where my Gmail ID is logged in or help me get my Gmail IDI don't know my Gmail ID password I don't get my Gmail ID code once mobile numberPlease help improve this article or section by expanding it"
1645 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1646 কল
1647 "GOOGLE:ONLINE BANKING FREE:RM16,000,0
00,000,000,00.🇲🇾📲🌏🇲🇾"
1648 "UMUKURUWI GIHUGU"
1649 "hi Google! ive been trying to get my business listing on a google search for weeks now. the business is verified, but still says “pending”. we opened and people are complaining they cant find our information online. please help!"
1650 "Mixalis Sofialakis"
1651 "MATRIX Crimes The Phenomenon of Para Psycho Systems Religious Mass Control and Killing Individuals through the network of Churches and Monasteries of the Romanian Orthodoxy through collaboration with SRI + STS + SIE + psycho sociologist + especially Party Social Democrat but is not the only one.

STOP Crimes
We Need Help
_ in Romania especially the Orthodox Patriarchy & Security develop an Intimidation System that is focused on some people forcing them to become ""Psychotics Receipes"" blocking Jobs, money, Food resources, and especially Breaking the Love couple.

_ They are using Trackings, Recordings, cookies, Microphones,..e
tc
> They know your intentions - were are you will go - what's your next step.
_ Many intelectuals was sorrounded and forced in this way to commit suicide or die in strange accidents.
_ They are practicing the distructions and stucks our Love couple in Constanta
_ we believe in existency of Others Beings in Universes - there are No Gods in Universe’s - just Imaginative Concepts.

But there are "" The Perfect Crimes of Orthodox Heavenly Sky that is working with a sort of Ethernal Data "" that will Not Answer to any Authority.

Here WE've tried to make a small description of the basic way of how they are proceed.
Link FREE access:
https://
docs.google.com/
document/d/
1_nhjS66yo5wCpwk
6WDs5IRainodra5
XpQJKXMaJ59gY/
edit?usp=drivesd
k

Thank you so much"
1652 "Google

https://
media1.giphy.com
/media/
xtAABoirRnULjKpb
gS/
giphy.gif?cid=5e
2148861d8eb2fb4
297ad2457a6622b
29e526eb969e93a
b&rid=giphy.gif
&ct=g"
1653 "13235579926 🤙"
1654 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1655 "🛡️💥Ótimo Conteúdo a ⚔️🛡️⚔️Code Phone Gamer⚔️🛡️⚔️ Deseja Sucesso💥🛡️"
1656 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1657 "Please like my page for support🙏"
1658 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
1659 "I want to thank Dr Ayo healing herbs really house for the help he has rendered to me by getting Rid of my Fibromyalgia I was Diagnosed in July by 2018 but after the usage of dr olu healing herbs really house Herbal medicine, I was cured from (Fibromyalgia) and the disease. was completely gone from my body.The symptoms of the Fibromyalgia disease is completely Gone, WhatsApp number +2349058916681 You can contact him through Facebook page https://
www.facebook.com
/
Dr-Ayo-Herbal-Ho
me-113277057800
914/ or Email: drayoherbalhome
165@gmail.com So anyone who is having the diseases should contact dr olu healing herbs really_house to give you the herbal medicine to cure He cures all this illness,
1 diabetes cure
2 ringing ear
3 herpes cure
4 warts cure
5 HPV
6 cureHiv
7 get your ex backq
8 High blood pressure"
1660 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1661 "Just pre-ordered mine!"
1662 "I went to preorder the pro and ship dates are now Jan."
1663 "Yes please stop photobombing me please. If you people realized the anxiety issues associated with this constant( for lack of a better word) harassment. I promise not to attempt to photobomb you in the future, or give out your password manager password to the public. Sounds like a deal?!? Good! Oh please don’t say anything that is truthful; that would get you fired. Always: spin, spin, spin the information. That is what good little sheep soldiers do!"
1664 "I had this feature on my HTC One in 2013."
1665 "Content aware fill"
1666 "'Pros' don't want their content ruined by a curved edge screen. Who here has a curved edge computer display? Anyone? That's right, NO ONE BECAUSE THEY DON'T EXIST BECAUSE THE CONTENT SHOULDN'T BEND AWAY FROM YOU AT THE EDGES"
1667 "My preorder got magically erased"
1668 ❤
1669 "🤔 just blur the background 🙄
Ill keep my 4a 😁"
1670 "This is the most random comments section I've seen"
1671 "When I watched the google pixel 6 live event, I expected that they present on worldwide countries availability results but they didn’t show numbers of it."
1672 "Deysi Varela"
1673 "I'm buying the Pixel 6 Pro. This phone is BEAUTIFUL, and smart. I was impressed with what Apple did with the 13 this year, but the AI and those glorious looking cameras, nope. 6 Pro all the way lol. I'm getting it"
1674 "something that already have on my Galaxy S20+ around a year."
1675 "Nathalie Dubois"
1676 "Hi?how to remove pop up ads? I turned off the pop up ads in chrome, but it still doesn't work.plss fix it"
1677 "Oooh...gamechan
ger!! 🤩"
1678 "Funny when I've been trying to preorder since the link showed up for the pixel 6 pro got it added to cart and checkout errors for hours to have Google erase it from my cart and list it out of stock."
1679 "So will do i still have unlimited picture backups?"
1680 "Google способен стирать нежелательных людей из твоей жизни! 😂"
1681 🇱🇰🙏
1682 "Or you know just don’t complain about taking pictures in public where other people are going to be"
1683 "yes, for all the 8 countries you launch in..."
1684 "Suj Nam"
1685 "🥲🥲ماشيين صح عمي القوقل"
1686 "Hello dear"
1687 "Is this exclusive to the Pixel phone or will it be available via the app for everyone?"
1688 "Google Will this functionality appear in Google Photos on other smartphones?"
1689 "Any ideas, will google allow free unlimited photo/video backup with this phone ?"
1690 "Ria RJ you will be able to erase us from now on"
1691 "Love to see it"
1692 "yea no tools section for me"
1693 "James brown"
1694 "Let's Go Brandon"
1695 Google
1696 "Pre ordered mine but then I received a cancellation, why ?"
1697 "Lexi Marie Elumbaugh"
1698 "i get enough ads on this. don't get blocked."
1699 SAR?
1700 "Horrible store launch. Google has failed big time today. Ended up getting it on vzw. Can't get their protection from Google. Their store sold out (probably bots). All around horrible customer service today as well."
1701 "➽Subscribe➽ https://
youtube.com/
channel/
UCKFAIGwhZTwt9bk
8thzYZZA"
1702 """удалять нежелательные отвлекающие факторы — например людей""

Как-то не дружелюбно к людям"
1703 RDUS!!!
1704 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
1705 "Cameron Bruton"
1706 "Fari Fatima Sabeen IjAx HaMna HuSsain ye tmarey kam ki batyn hyn"
1707 "knwwjwhjsNkswns
nsjssakqqkakswh
wbwhjssjsjsjsss
kssjswjhwsjssjs
jjsisîsjjsussuj
sjsjszsjjsszjsj
jzjjdjssjssssjd
usuzuzuzzuu2zud
sùzzuzùzzizizus
ussisisisîsisus
izu"
1708 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1709 "Please like my page for support🙏"
1710 "LssKskkKqKKjNKK
qkqkqkkqqkkkqJJ
Kakaksksksskkai
aiqioaissiisiqa
izaiaiaiaaaaïuu
dhssyyssuwdysus
uusysyydyddydyd
yddyhw"
1711 "Please make it available in more countries..... e.g Denmark 😉"
1712 "You have pleased Stalin."
1713 "Good job, Google. For things that needed 1 tap, now there are two or more. Ring status icon is no longer showing, so if you're not sure if your phone is on silent,vibra, regular you'll have to check with more steps.
Turning wifi on/off was: swipe down>tap.
Now it's: swipe down>internet>W
iFi>Done. The last step is one big wtf. Also, love how things take up much more space than before [not]."
1714 "One thing to not love about the Pixel 6 'pro' --- curved edges on the screen so my content bends away from my field of view. Yeah. Great job people."
1715 ❤
1716 Fail.
1717 "Will Android12 have a feature that will make my phone ring. Having a pixel 3XL that won't ring is a pain"
1718 Working
1719 "After 3 hours of error in checkout, finally got my order in 🤙🏾"
1720 "Nothing much for the camera"
1721 "Google is the future"
1722 "ارجو منهم تحسين خدمات جوجل على هاتفي"
1723 "Triana Casas Marin"
1724 ዜና
1725 Awolé
1726 "Cesar Martinez"
1727 "When pixel 6 gonna come to Malaysia?"
1728 6😉
1729 "Google introduced a game changer today 👍👍"
1730 "I'll wait"
1731 Dream
1732 super
1733 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
1734 "Fjjckknko l"
1735 Rdus!!!
1736 ".mc. 🚻🛃🛇"
1737 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1738 "Google #BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety #SaveBangladeshi
Hindus #WeDemandSafety #StopCommunalAtt
ack"
1739 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
1740 "Please like my page for support🙏"
1741 "X B N https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=lKmYpR5B
0G4"
1742 "Thanks for time work company for supporting to my frinds and me for help in communications with security devise and line phone
We need moor help for all new devalp secur
Thanks agin"
1743 "Can't access my account ......I know both email and password but still can't access it due to authentication.
I have provided a recovery email and a phone number just in case but Google doesn't seem interested in using any of those options."
1744 "Just give your authenticator app a little bit more love..."
1745 ❤
1746 "I have authenticator 10 digit back up code.but i dont know,where is it maybe lost third party."
1747 "Google cH play"
1748 "Thx all the same, I think a data breach of my lil black book unlikely."
1749 "i forget my password i need to communicate with support community"
1750 "Please i have problem in my account in Google AdSense need help"
1751 "Jose cavahais amigos fcebook agostinho rodrigues"
1752 "I have a security problem. Please help me!"
1753 "Hey Google hi."
1754 "Sure, let google handle my passwords, now I can't get into my company email!!! Way to go google, google can f up a wet dream!"
1755 "I use it. It's great! Can you guys offer more features like they do in Last Pass or password1? Where you can share temporary passwords with team members?"
1756 "Learn ME"
1757 "Hey google! Today I was trying to translate few words in sanskrit language but I didn't find it in Google translate. Whereas sanskrit is known as the mother of the all the languages and you guys don't even consider it as a language. How can you do that? I hope very soon I will be able to clear my doubts about sanskrit in Google translate. 😔😔😔"
1758 "I want help"
1759 "OLD GONE FOREVER"
1760 "Get me out of here I don't understand what is this"
1761 "Thanks you please."
1762 "No thanks"
1763 "I wonder who make this happens? 👆👇👉👎☝️"
1764 "created both accounts together."
1765 "No no thank u so much 😂"
1766 395721
1767 "Sorry boys, Bitwarden's got my back."
1768 filmi
1769 "La cancion Patria y Vida esta nominada al premio Grammy y sin embargo no sale en Google. Por que?"
1770 "Ahhhh yes !! Google Safety Center & gas station sushi = same degree of safety !! 😛 Google is still a division of Zuckerhamburger
's holdings !! 😛"
1771 CXC
1772 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
1773 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
1774 "obvio llamenme mejor y le explico para que no bajen las ......"
1775 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1776 "this is sad that such a giant and their poor customer engagement and support. Accounts are getting hacked and date is compromised yet claims of launching big digitalized solutions for future technologies. google is unable to ensure that my gmail is secured how would the customers establish trust to go along such enhancements. I have been trying to reach some support function on different forums, community forums trying to find the contact who can help recover my gmail alisarfrazkhan8
0@gmal.com which as been hacked 43 hours ago with all my information gone and data compromised. can someone help me to recover it.........."
1777 "#SaveHindus
#saveHinduTemple
s
#saveBangladeshi
Hindu
#weDemandJustice
#stopCommunalAtt
ack
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#saveHumanRights
🙏"
1778 "No thanks monopolistic pigs. Oink oink."
1779 "What are you doing on here Google coming into a scam go this Google scam or what and go back to the past by I'm going on bro what it is 行く一番いいゾンビの事件簿3"
1780 هههههه
1781 "I Work 💪👷😪😒😫😑you 💪👷😴can like 👍😏😒🙂and 💪can know you have so 😏😌😉it is a good thing friend for come and see 👀😉for you I an to night 🌙✨😉💕you can ❤your a and on you will can have able better good 👍of ❤😉like 👍😉😘and 💪👷🚧you 💪👷in want a stay be us you help use with 😉your and well and break win a 🏆of to a and well am 😊for you 😊😉😘💖☺❤😊you 💪👷😴👌🙌😪and 💪👷🚧🔈😊is ❤🤔😊😉☺I have to to be go 🚶😊😉☺😀❤🚶😊and I have no clue idea 😊😉💪👷🚧🔈😊😉💪👷🚧is 🔈and ❤💪👷you 💪👷😴👌🙌😪💪👷you a have to want wait for your o9 99 ooaoaoaaaa your you to 😊on your and night and 😊for on week can your I 12th so 😊birthday 😊hair 😊😉on 👍😉💘😀😊💙👍😉💘😀you can be a man 😊hair cut 😊your 😉❤♥💕💙😀you can be back 😊😉😀I ☺want think u 😊u u ⏲️u 😊like u 😊u 😉u ☺u ⏲️💙will ⏲️u I lol 😊u u ⏲️😊😉☺😘I u just tell come 😊😉u ⏲️love I lol u ooaoaoaaaa and u 😊want ❤u ⏲️💙u ⏲️u lol I u 😉u 😊😘⏲️u ⏲️lol I miss 😉u u want 😉u ⏲️u I miss u 😉so ❤u ⏲️💙❤😉😘😊you just 💪like up want 😉a love want 😉😘want ❤♥💘💪you can off on your can this on so night 😉can to a with a us who is in a an of better to 😉on you 👍😉😘😊💖☺you 💪want ❤♥to ♥❤💖💙😉😘you 💪👷😴👌🙌you you can 😉a you will date end 😉😘you 💪a 👷and a and that 😉you 💪👷😴"
1782 "16th March Work 💪Tuesday and very to night 🌙to ♥I are can we and a to for of you birthday 🎂be you a Sunday have a son I 💙want 😀💙can o want 😀o money 😀am 😊and up half couple night 💑🌙I night I 🌙of ❤I 9 want 😀to money can will be be go have 🚶and pounds 💷that 💖is can ❤it your I don't am so pleased 😀😊I for you have to out for with work 😀😊😄eatables a1111 a111 has is lot better 😀😊and 💪that 💖♥and 💪can heart a 😀person and you your"
1783 "Please help, my account was stolen by the Russians. I have all the documents. and verifications that it was my account, password was changed, secondary address and two-step verification were enabled, and I did not receive a text message that someone was trying to log into my account. I am logged into my account. but nothing can help! . My Stolen Account Email Joahi11432@gmai
l.com, My Contact Email: Joahi114322@gma
il.com"
1784 "Please like my page for support🙏"
1785 "sin comentarios presto servicios de informacion y ciberseguridad a personas y empresas"
1786 "you can reach me at alisarfrazkhan8
0@hotmail.com"
1787 "A lot of the problems can be simplified with design reasoning. I wonder how the fields of design and data analysis overlap or speak the same language. As long as the AI is programed with a faulty library, you will get faulty results."
1788 "I just makes me feel like I’m in a better world when I see Big tech taking a societal responsibility feels less hopeless humanity has a shot"
1789 "Until you learn that minds fundamentally operate with high bias, you'll never fully understand NNAs."
1790 "Find my device
App is just not useful .
If its not connected to network or if the location is turned of .
Need a app which will track my device even if its not connected to internet and location and doesn't consume lots of juice from battery 😐🔋"
1791 "Google is everything
Very helpful
Such a necessary app 😍😍🔥🔥"
1792 "I Love Google more Power to your Company and God Bless"
1793 "KhinThiri May"
1794 "I could give Him an earful."
1795 "Đặng Anh Dung"
1796 "Terra Vision is the real one"
1797 "google can u dm me? i have problem about acc"
1798 "Hi Google!"
1799 "Thought that was supposed to be Will Smith for a second"
1800 "Hasta cuándo van a seguir robando con las tarjetas de regalo Google play"
1801 "cuanto es 1 + 1 = ?"
1802 "Happy birthday google"
1803 "Me again everything's good over here."
1804 "Cool Google"
1805 "اخبار اليوم"
1806 "ړرمنلطشعقفصحجمن
تارلببب"
1807 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
1808 "More like learning how to steal the source code of terra vision .

Google earth is terra vision .

https://
artcom.de/en/
?project=terravi
sion"
1809 "Shouldn't that say Misty Kincaid and I got my partnership and that was supposed to be my data and that's supposed to be my gecko bites to write and I didn't receive a paycheck for that partnership in 2019"
1810 "Alejandro Flores Morales servicios google en el área comercial de servicios financieros en empresas de servicios inmobiliarios en Google kompaniy
asi o'zining mobil"
1811 تم
1812 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1813 "Nedn tlfn googleye girmiyo"
1814 ,,,яя¢¢
1815 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1816 "I don't care"
1817 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1818 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1819 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1820 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1821 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1822 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1823 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1824 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1825 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1826 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1827 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1828 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1829 "We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindus. ✊

#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHumanity"
1830 "#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveHumanRights
#SaveHindu
#savehindufestiv
als
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#BewareHindu
#SaveHinduBoys
#SaveHinduGirls
#SanatanaDharma
#BlackdayDurgaPu
ja2021
#PleaseStandWith
Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1831 "#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveHumanRights
#SaveHindu
#savehindufestiv
als
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#BewareHindu
#SaveHinduBoys
#SaveHinduGirls
#SanatanaDharma
#BlackdayDurgaPu
ja2021
#PleaseStandWith
Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1832 "#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#SaveHumanRights
#SaveHindu
#savehindufestiv
als
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#BewareHindu
#SaveHinduBoys
#SaveHinduGirls
#SanatanaDharma
#BlackdayDurgaPu
ja2021
#PleaseStandWith
Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1833 "дислайк🖕 https://
upload.wikimedia
.org/wikipedia/
commons/thumb/a/
a1/Dislike.svg/
1200px-Dislike.s
vg.png"
1834 "Get CV19 Vaccinated or be Fired - Its Now the LAW -\-\California parents, teachers plan statewide walkout to protest school vaccine mandate = do it and get a displinary write up up for not following Government Law. parents can pretend their teachers and they will , you'll see ...
Parents and teachers react after Democrat Gov. Gavin Newsom imposed new cv19 rules Oct. 1..ALL PEOPLE MUST BE VACCINATED !!! Teachers will be FIRED for Disobedience Neglect and Threat to Safety and Security of the USA ...Vax is the only solution to ridding the Covid Pandemic now lasting over 2 years ...America will NOT Back Down -\-\You will be Vaccinated or you will be Fired ..its that simple ...Wanna be treated like a lil baby ...fine the US Gov will treat you like the child you are ...GET THE VAX !!!"
1835 "https://
www.surveymonkey
.com/r/V7S3XWB
P😣 help me to do my survey"
1836 "*🙋Hey there respective friend*

*Pls Forgive for batching into your DM*
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏

*Are you looking for a professional Graphics designer for your company or business?*📢

*I will do anything Graphics in Professional way within hours. Please check out my offer:*
👇👇

*Why should you hire us?*

*📍 PROFESSIONAL & UNIQUE DESIGNS*

*📍📢 UNLIMITED REVISIONS*

*📍 MONEY BACK GUARANTEE*

*📍100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED*

*Please let us know your Business information and any other details. & if you have any question, you can ask me without any hesitation.*📌📌

https://
www.fiverr.com/
s2/9c0af205e5

*We will wait your message.*

*Have a great day & always!*

*LINK PLUS TECH G-S😊*"
1837 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1838 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1839 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1840 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1841 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1842 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1843 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1844 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1845 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1846 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1847 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1848 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1849 "we demand saftey of Bangladeshi Hindus 🙏

#SaveHindus
#SaveHinduTemple
s
#We_want_justice
#save_minority_h
indu
#HumanRightsViol
ations
#I_Am_Feeling_un
safe_In_Banglad
esh
#Save_The_Hindu_
Of_Bangladesh
#save_hindu_bang
ladesh
#stop_hindu_oppr
ession_banglade
sh
#Stop_Communal_A
ttack
#Save_Bangladesh
i_Hindus
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety
#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#WeDemandSafety
#WeDemandJustice"
1850 "I am going to work for π and your company in the near future. Thank you, name roze, Son of God and I have applied to your company and you have my resume on file here is my updated github and LinkedIn https://
www.linkedin.com
/in/
shaun-mcgovern-o
ophtml5css3jque
ry2/ https://
github.com/
shauntmcgovern"
1851 Useful
1852 "Machine learning bias?"
1853 "Hello sorry to hijack post can you please help"
1854 "আমরা শ্বেতী রোগের চিকিৎসা করে থাকি। বিস্তারিত জানতে কল করুন আমাদের নাম্বার এ । ০১৭৩২১১৯৭৬৮."
1855 "KhinThiri May"
1856 "https://
www.bing.com/"
1857 "https://
www.bing.com/"
1858 Bing.com
1859 "https://
www.bing.com/"
1860 "16th March Work 💪I and very thing for to who a is for to can few a it bit help 😀about I on want have talk be be you 😉bit 😀a by your to and hello we I hope 😀you 💪well 😀I for I sure will I to use say 😊money 😊❤😀😉☺💰😊and 💪I a in a place 😊😀a have a go good 👍😊I have can go wait ✋😊😀☺😉😄✋😊😀☺😉😄✋😊😀☺😉😄I just will have any a your oooooao9 back in you your that person 😊but 🇺🇸will ⏲️it it your able lot 😊night ❤I a half couple 💑😊man 👨a I who never have any a better your who for in charge 😊😀😉☺😄😘😊😀😉☺😄😘😊😀😉
☺😄you"
1861 "What I’m trying to understand is how google talks about helping people make better choices but be on hold for customer service for exactly 2 hours and 5 mins.🤔 .Where is the google help 👀😩"
1862 "3d comment"
1863 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1864 "13235579926 🤙"
1865 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
1866 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1867 "It's learning bairs realized"
1868 "First comment"
1869 ❤
1870 💪🏻🌏📸⚡
1871 "صلى الله عليه وسلم تسليما"
1872 😳
1873 "When is Google PC coming?
I remember when i was kid people saying Google would launch their own PC brand
Well 2021🤔🤣
Android came smartphone
But still no PC 🤔
I would buy One"
1874 "Hey Google hi"
1875 ParenchiMe
1876 Aplikasion
1877 "KhinThiri May"
1878 "thanks for sharing"
1879 "Okaaaaaay,,. I'm Going To, See. We Will Be, Watching,. Thanks,,,. Thank You, Amen."
1880 "Good night"
1881 "Gmail told me yesterday that I was out of space. They suggested buying more...OR...del
eting stuff. I deleted more than half my videos on Drive and a ton of emails. No alteration to the amount of GBs they claim I am over. Could it be possible that others have experienced what look suspiciously like and attempt to force you to buy more space after all?"
1882 hi
1883 "Dairo Rivera"
1884 "#protect_teacher
s_in_morocco"
1885 Ssss
1886 "Thanks for time work company support for all frinds her I need moor help"
1887 "Malicious schemers in several media organizations around the world are out to use me and control my life. They labelled me the ""world"" and say I am against ""white teeth"". And they have a secret electromagnetic
over-the-air device that can trigger all reactions in the body, including disease symptoms and pain, to coerce me physically and physiologically
. Somebody please help me. Please say no to torture and oppression."
1888 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1889 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00067126170563"
1890 "Mikale Derare መኪያ ዳውድ"
1891 "Impossible In This World And The Fame (For The People 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)
,
En Este Mundo Es Imposible Y La Fama (Para Las Personas 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦)

Quetzeagle JST: MY 1,000 TRACKS (MIS 1,000 PISTAS)

Impossible To Get Up To 10 Millons Views

Imposible Llegar Hasta 10 Millones De Vistas

Blessing To All 🌎 (Bendiciones A Todos)

Christ With Me (Cristo Conmigo 🕊)

BRRRRRRRRRR"
1892 "Good morning"
1893 "Please #saveBangladeshi
Hindus from terrorist I am begging for innocent lives 🙏"
1894 "শ্বেতী রোগের চিকিৎসা পেতে আমাদের সাথেই থাকুন। ফোন করুন এই নাম্বারে ০১৭৩২১১৯৭৬৮."
1895 "And 💪I a in a pub for about a week year well minutes 😳advance have a go 🚶wait ✋I all a have a to weekend night 🌙and I 💪👷want ❤♥up 💪👍👌⏲️👏😀you 💪👷😴👌🙌and you 💪😀I like can good man 🦸‍♀️friend 😀can ♥I u you 😀want ❤u ⏲️want in a pub way 😀a ❤something 😀you 💪your ❤♥and 💪can ♥✨❤and 💪👷can ❤💰a111 aaaa a Thursday evening on a I but night 🌙I there a bit a an a start 😀😊😉I have no plans for 😀and I am going will a all oooooao9 of I in to been out back 😀I for will want 😀😊😉👍I I have be have from in old team 😀😊I my you 😀😊and 💪you 💪👷want a ❤I you 😀I"
1896 "13235579926 🤙"
1897 "Hola
VENDO una idea de seguridad anti robo a la empresa.
ACLARÓ QUE ES UNA IDEA YA QUE YO NO SOY PROGRAMADOR. PERO LES ASEGURO QUE LA APLICACIÓN DE ESTA IDEA EN CUALQUIER SISTEMA OPERATIVO CELULAR VA A AYUDAR A REDUCIR EL ROBO DE APARATOS TELEFÓNICOS A NIVEL MUNDIAL Y SI LA LOGRARÁN PATENTAR GANARÍAN MUCHÍSIMO CON ELLA.
IMAGINEN LA PUBLICIDAD
... LA MARCA MÁS SEGURA, DESPREOCUPATE DE LOS ROBOS O PERDIDAS DE TUS APARATOS . 💪

AHORA QUIERO VER LA PERICIA DE LOS FABRICANTES O DISTRIBUIDORES.
VEAMOS QUIÉN ME OFRECE MÁS POR ALGO TAN RELATIVAMENTE SENCILLO PARA UN PROGRAMADOR QUE HASTA AHORA PASA DESAPERCIBIDO"
1898 "*🙋Hey there respective friend*

*Pls Forgive for batching into your DM*
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏

*Are you looking for a professional Graphics designer for your company or business?*📢

*I will do anything Graphics in Professional way within hours. Please check out my offer:*
👇👇

*Why should you hire us?*

*📍 PROFESSIONAL & UNIQUE DESIGNS*

*📍📢 UNLIMITED REVISIONS*

*📍 MONEY BACK GUARANTEE*

*📍100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED*

*Please let us know your Business information and any other details. & if you have any question, you can ask me without any hesitation.*📌📌

https://
www.fiverr.com/
s2/9c0af205e5

*We will wait your message.*

*Have a great day & always!*

*LINK PLUS TECH G-S😊*"
1899 "Если ваше продукты один из лучших, тогда почему используйте продукты других производителей"
1900 "Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1901 "I Need 100 Millions Dollars, Loans (Yo Necesito 100 Millones De Dólares, Préstamos)

Quetzeagle JST: Help Me (Ayúdame ) ✌️."
1902 "حافظو على الأنسان وجزاكم الله خيراً"
1903 ❤
1904 "Our Lord, we are Muslims
We are commanded to preserve everything on this earth
But your governments kill people in the blink of an eye
And give cats rights...wow...
!!!"
1905 "that 3D images are not the only animals and living species of the future"
1906 "Ahí estoy 🧑‍🦯"
1907 😇
1908 "+Google Happy Birthday to the Google assistant"
1909 "Google Earth Pro can provide the elevation profile of the path of the magnetic poles over the Earth where the 'polar cusp' exits the Earth. When you compare these with each other, you see that the magnetic north pole will take the position like in 870AD, the medieval climate warming. Also, during the Eemian, the interglacial period, the bathymetric depths, during the magnetic excursion Blake, were greater than the current Holocene. Climate change is a natural phenomenon. Depending on solar activity and the current direction of the magnetic poles, higher temperatures can be expected after 2024. The life that adapts will survive, and the rest will disappear, it has always been that way. Environmentalis
ts are misusing the climate problem for their own purposes and undermining adaptation to climate change."
1910 "It really is cringe when corporations pretend to give af about anything other than money."
1911 Great
1912 Ok
1913 "No I’m sleeping…"
1914 Mmbc+14
1915 "Google You guys have the worst customer service ever. You want to take action on people's accounts, but have this amazingly annoying process to communicate. You want people to wait days. You want to provide no supervisor help what's so ever. You guys have the worst customer service."
1916 "I want speak with google support team"
1917 丁裕鹏
1918 Please
1919 "Work 16th night 🌙😴and ⏲️a I a been no by and for to week few hours well 👌ago have think trying able for on work time but if we do it do in work 🙂on 👍is 🌙a ❤you 💪I know have are so annoying much I'm I so with and to have been no by myself her get work back in time I am will through out a can for a week few hours well but and I just will be to in London for tomorrow can few it in person and then you we come off a of all that is you if for could please explain how what are would and workinBrpuillg much long will would to and us you achieve use job goals I for have be to be a wait for bit can I will never miss an a chance there for us you stay with your you as well if as could want hope that they you help have in with different your to and be and pay more attention than we did and what will happen if they we pay us at with a couple few hours later than that they have been not by tomorrow her and we were thinking we would could an to slot on Sunday your Thursday if possible 😊❤😀😉☺I think love 😊ooaoaoaaaa for want 😊and ⏲️I have all my details 😊❤and ⏲️😀💪your ❤♥money 😊❤😀😉☺💙😊are 👨you 💪can ♥have 😀❤💜♥😊😉😀❤💜♥😊😉😀❤💜♥"
1920 "U.N IS TALKING ABOUT ANIMALS WHILE PEOPLE ARE GETTING KILL EVERY DAY IN NIGERIA NOTHING TO SHOW"
1921 Muxee,mawardii
1922 "More start ups where threatened with extinction since the launch of google .

google earth is teravision.
https://
youtu.be/
fjZ-wh5jykk"
1923 "Hello Google!
Can you help me?
I am a student of Khilgaon government high school. I reading class 10. I want to learning (CODE). But I haven’t money buy a laptop. Please help me Google."
1924 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
1925 "Tionna Blackwell"
1926 www.google.com
1927 "I want help"
1928 "Dairo Rivera"
1929 "Younes Koubai"
1930 Please
1931 Please
1932 "Ask Norway for help ?"
1933 "I NEVER USE GOOGLE OR ANY OF YOUR PRODUCTS SUCH DISHONEST AND PATHETIC GREED I ALSO AVOID THE GARBAGE COMPANIES THAT ADVERTISE ON GOOGLE DUE TO THE MASSIVE AMMOUNT OF POP UP ADS AMERICA CAN NEVER BE TRUSTED !!!!!!!"
1934 "Em Ten Giau, E bị tai biến, trong lúc hôn mê thì chồng e bỏ đi, giờ dịch bệnh một mình em phải vừa nuôi con nhỏ 1 tuổi, vừa nuôi mẹ già 70 tuổi bị mù,1 tuần nay con em hết sữa em phải lấy nước cơm cho con uống, nhưng vì cháu càng ngày ngày gầy. Lên vợ chồng em ko còn cách nào khác, em mới phải lên đây xin mọi người giúp cho gia đình em với. Xin giúp cho con em xin ít sữa với ạ..STK e 0937019940 - Ngoc Giau - MBank. Em cảm ơn rất nhiều ạ"
1935 "Mr/mrs my i contact you"
1936 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00067777024104 শ্বেতী রোগের চিকিৎসা পেতে ঘুরে আসুন আমাদের পেজে"
1937 "Mr/Mrs what is harveydelacruz username and password i need it now just pm me"
1938 "FIGHT BACK AGAINST THE FALSE-GOD WORSHIPPERS AND ANTI SEMITIC USEFUL IDIOTS!!! BLESS ISRAEL AND YOU WILL BE BLESSED. CURSE ISRAEL AND YOU WILL BE CURSED
Gen 12:1

Google, Amazon employees publish anonymous letter denouncing the companies for contract with Israel

https://
www.foxnews.com/
politics/
google-amazon-em
ployees-publish
-anonymous-lett
er-denouncing-c
ompanies-contra
ct-israel"
1939 "Grateful for all you make avalible to me! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!"
1940 "Happy birthday Google!"
1941 "Happy birthday to you all and God bless you and keep you well to grow stronger and continue to shine in the world and we celebrated you today happy birthday and have an amazing year"
1942 "Hi, I need to get in touch with google support. I have been trying since months, but no answer. If someone can give me a email address where I can rich someone of google, will be very nice. Thanks"
1943 "good job google assistant make us better n for tomorrow, happy birthday!!!"
1944 "But the most important radios, in a lot of countries are still not working at all with the nest speakers (and the problem started 6+ months ago). #GHT3
Congrats Google! Some of us bought several speakers for the house, and it's not only not playing radio, but also being a total disaster with apps synchronization
(even Google Podcasts, played in all the speakers and suddenly beginning to play also in the phone xDDDD)."
1945 "Happy birthday Google❤"
1946 "Love this! Has helped me soooo many times over👍🏻"
1947 "Yes ooo.... Happy birthday celebration to you all sir"
1948 "Happy birthday! Google"
1949 "Hey Google happy birthday"
1950 "Happy birthday Google"
1951 "Happy birthday to GOOGLE!..."
1952 "Hey google.happy birthday."
1953 "Happy birthday 🎂🎉"
1954 "Hay Google happy birthday"
1955 "Happy birthday enjoy"
1956 "Happy Birthday thanks for helping with questions"
1957 "Happy birthday google"
1958 "Happy Birthday 🎈"
1959 "Happy birthday Google"
1960 "Happy birthday google"
1961 "Google, Happy Birthday."
1962 "Happy birthday, success always. 🙏"
1963 "Happy birthday Google❤"
1964 "Happy Birthday Google 🎉‼️"
1965 "How did we function without you? Happy Birthday Google!"
1966 "Happy Birthday Google"
1967 "Hey Google happy birthday thank you for all the things that you show me when I asked you I enjoy it I don't know what I do without your support have a good birthday"
1968 "Happy birthday Google 🎂🎉🎊"
1969 "Happy Birthday Google🥳"
1970 "Hey Google Happy Birthday."
1971 "Hey Google happy birthday"
1972 "Happy birthday goooogle"
1973 "WISHING GOOGLE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO SHINE MORE AS WISDOM ."
1974 "Happy Birthday Google…."
1975 "Happy Birthday Google"
1976 "Happy birthday Google"
1977 "Hey Google, Happy Birthday"
1978 "Congratulations
🎉"
1979 "Happy Birthday google"
1980 "Happy birthday to google ❤️"
1981 "Happy aniversary ! Good work ! Best wishes for your long trip yet to go!"
1982 "Happy birthday Google.... here is your 🎁:

The Billion Dollar Code"
1983 "Happy birthday Google"
1984 "Happy birthday Google...."
1985 "Hey Google happy birthday"
1986 "happy birthday Google"
1987 "Happy Birthday"
1988 "happy birthday google"
1989 "Happy birthday"
1990 "Happy birthday"
1991 "happy birthday coogel."
1992 "happy birthday 🎂🥳🎉🎈🎁🎊"
1993 "Happy birthday"
1994 "Happy birthday google"
1995 "Congrats Google"
1996 "Happy birthday google thanks for helping me with my modules 😁"
1997 "HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
1998 "Happy Birthday My Google!"
1999 "Yet it seems like it's getting dumber, at least from a Google speaker/
display perspective. It's gotten ready in the last month."
2000 "Happy bday"
2001 "Happy birthday Google"
2002 "Happy birthday"
2003 "Hay Google happy birthday"
2004 "Happy birthday goggle"
2005 "و إحنا فين ؟"
2006 "Happy birthday to you Google.May God bless you all more and more everyday to be the best and to grow stronger."
2007 "مرحبا غوغل عيد ميلاد سعيد"
2008 "Who is seth rich"
2009 "Hei Google ! La multi ani ."
2010 "مرحبا جوجل!"
2011 "Happy Birthday Google"
2012 "happy birthday google!"
2013 "Ei Google feliz aniversário"
2014 "Google sucks my email has been hacked and have had no support"
2015 "Auguri Google💓"
2016 "Care Google cel din țara noastră sau? oricum ar fi La mulți ani fericiți !"
2017 "Feliz cumpleaños Google Assistant"
2018 "Happy Birthday my dear intelligence friend Google"
2019 "Happy Birthday GOOGLE!"
2020 Nice
2021 "happy birthday google"
2022 "Hey gugal"
2023 "Hey Google !!! Joyeux anniversaire.."
2024 "مرحبا غوغل عيد ميلاد سعيد"
2025 "Happy Birthday Google"
2026 Yep
2027 RoseReyna
2028 "Happy Birthday google"
2029 "Hey google happy birthday"
2030 "Happy birthday"
2031 "Cam on tat ca cac ban tham gia cung chung toi va co loi chuc
Xin cam on"
2032 "Biet on tat ca nhung gi ban co va da taO ra cho toi tham gia
CHUC MUNG SINH NHAT"
2033 "Hey Google hi"
2034 "Kathrin Tom"
2035 "Gadadhar Champati"
2036 🍰🍾
2037 ❤
2038 😍😍😍😘😍😍
2039 🎂🍰
2040 "👞
🏳️‍🌈"
2041 "Ellen And Portia Fans"
2042 "Simon Cowell Fan's Page"
2043 "Dairo Rivera"
2044 "Hey Google, happy birthday!!!"
2045 "Hey Google. Happy birthday🎂🎁🎉"
2046 "Happy birthday Google Assistant. 🥳🎉🎊"
2047 "Happy Birthday Google 🎊🎉🎂🎈🎈👏👏"
2048 "Congratulations
Google"
2049 "Google
Happy ; birthday.
Love; Like."
2050 "Hey Google Happy Birthday!
#googleads"
2051 "Hey Google happy birthday lol 😘"
2052 "Happy birthday to you Google.May God bless you all more and more everyday to be the best and to grow stronger."
2053 "You should do a series of Google home for following modul
Cars
Outdoor
And make one for the bathroom"
2054 "රක්ඛන්තු ආවඩා ආයු බොහෝ වේවා"
2055 "I'm trying to get in touch with Google can someone please help me out please"
2056 "Hello, happy birthday"
2057 "Google always have the answers 😀😀"
2058 "Hey Google....."
2059 "How are jet printers rated"
2060 "They sensor!"
2061 "Lovely Birthday Google!"
2062 "Excellent service..♥"
2063 Youand662others
2064 "vgbkcgbkvgbkvgb
kvhbkvbkvhbkvgb
kvgbkvgbkvgbkvh
bkvgbkvhbkvhbkv
gbkvgbkggbkvgbk
xyvkxybkggbkbhb
kvhbkghbkvhbkvh
bkvhnkcgbkxgbkc
yvkvhnkcgbk"
2065 "Fghbkggbkvhbkvg
bkfgvkcgbkxgvjx
gbkcgbkchbkcgbk
cgbkcgbkcgbkcgb
kxgbkxgbkcgbkfy
bkxgvjxgbkcgbkx
gbkfybk"
2066 Vere
2067 "We have spent a lot of money, thousands of dollars on Google Play, and now our money is frozen. We cannot use it or return our money. If you do not find a suitable solution for us, we will boycott Google because we are tired while talking to you. You have left us no solution other than to boycott this unjust policy for users."
2068 "مرحبا على جوجل لأنها أكثر تداولا بين الناس"
2069 "Yohnny Camacho Vanesa virto candado pajina códigos 18 dé mayo"
2070 Happybirthday
2071 "je veux Google par don"
2072 "Dear google , i am having problem with my google play store , pls can u fix it , thanks for more to this check out the link , am posting it here since u guys can literally be unreachable but rather allow ur community , which are basically non google staffs to handle the issue , in a sense of rub peter to pay paul , pls pls look into this issue and fix it , as it is not affecting just me alone but millions of users around the world as well , here is the link to the problem by someone having the same issue as me and to day no solution https://
support.google.c
om/accounts/
thread/
124046344/
error-couldn-t-c
omplete-your-tr
ansaction-your-
play-balance-ca
n-only-be-used-
in-australia?hl
=en thanks"
2073 "Whatsap 00229 99988276
Pour être riche,voici portefeuilles magique valise magique pour être riche en 72h,contacter moi par whatsap 00229 99988276"
2074 "A lot of sick and sinful things have happened that’s for sure."
2075 Fausse
2076 million
2077 Xxinxx
2078 "Chiran Jit"
2079 "How do I sign back in to Google?"
2080 "HappyBirthday google"
2081 "Work 💪👷🚧🔈💪👷🚧🔈💪👷🚧🔈💪👷is 🚧a bit like an any other night in bed now have but a few beers in a way row in that time I have no plans but we I have been working with on family old since I and am lot on other and and but have now working a my time hard for and heart other not I back 👷🚧🔈💪🚧🔈💪👷🚧🔈💪"
2082 "הי גוגל,
מצאתי טעויות כתיב במערכת ההפעלה של אנדרואיד בעברית. מוזמנים ליצור איתי קשר"
2083 "Can we get a Ryzen pixelbook"
2084 google.com
2085 "Wanted to load all my photos from Google Photos to a memory stick. Eventually found instructions for downloading them to my computer. I hoped that it would quickly take me to a point where I could chose the stick as the destination to download to. When I got to the page that said 'Google Takeout', I gave up.

Why make it so stupid complicated? When I go to Google Photos, show me an easily seen thing that says Download photos. Let me click it and see a list of my devices with their folders saying Choose folder, and let me click the folder (which may be on the memory stick), and then off it goes.

An earlier generation of programmers had this overarching philosophy known as User Friendly. Why did they not pass it on to the next generation?"
2086 "Happy happy"
2087 "God bless"
2088 "Hello I have gmail account samina.gulzar38
@gmail.com. Someone hacked my account on 13 October 2021 at 2pm Pakistan time. Suddenly my recovery email and phone number was also changed . My account was linked to Adsense and YouTube channel also. I want my account back. I have all information related to my account . Please help me to recover my account as my account is linked to various business profiles such as google map address verification, YouTube channel etc .

I will be grateful to have your answer please. Looking forward to hear from you soon.

Regards,
Samina Gulzar"
2089 "That is not easy to open a G-mail account 😪😪"
2090 "Thanks for all the good expreances I have on Goole."
2091 "Hello iwant help"
2092 "Hey Google"
2093 "Hey Google birthday 🎂🎉"
2094 "Thanks you Google places."
2095 "Hii google"
2096 "Hey GOOGLE HAPPY BIRTHDAT"
2097 "Legend in the algorithm making"
2098 "I am getting doubled billed for a year. Google denies it but my bank statements show. You can't get a live person."
2099 "Écoles Desbeauxarts TinkponDahomeen

#tinkponkainfriw
ear"
2100 "happy birthaday my google"
2101 "Bichara Abakar Abdoulaye"
2102 "I can't thank google any more because my device has failed to signup to a google account"
2103 Right
2104 "How come Sh*htGle (Google) is forcing me to verify with a phone number that its my account from me trying to log into another computer? I didnt even give Sh*htgle a phone number to begin with. Does it just assume i have a phone? Is my email name and password just not enough? I swear you people are such f*hck*hn pedophile gangstalkers! Google"
2105 "Google sa pesy kisy khamy jata ha Mtlb online job"
2106 Respect✌
2107 "#RespectWorkers
#RespectWork
#WorkersDeserveB
etter"
2108 "KhinThiri May"
2109 "Congratulations
Google Assistant Happy Birthday! We Love How You Respond, Teach, Inform, Also how you Learn & Improve"
2110 "تخزين كل تلك البيانات"
2111 "Get Rewarded for Taking the Finance Survey!
Get Now: https://
sites.google.com
/view/
rewardmonkey/
home"
2112 "And stored all that data."
2113 "Goog job"
