0 "How can the white be out of stock?! I've been refreshing my page for an hour trying to get to the shipping page without an error 😡🤬"
1 "Bought a Pixel 5A a little over 30 days ago. Screen has gone completely black (second major issue with the phone). Customer service refuses to allow me to return the phone.
Google , would love to see you guys make this right."
2 """The wait is over."" Um, might want to check yourself on that, Google. Clearly the wait has just begun. Someone had an oopsie planning this rollout, eh?"
3 "Went to website, no crashes. Was being decisive for a while but ended up getting the 256 Pixel 6. Also free ear buds.👍"
4 "Or, and this might be crazy, how about emailing registered Pixel Fans a link so they can order through a portal that is not backlogged, but that would make too much sense to celebrate loyal owners, right?"
5 "Leave it to Google to screw up their own launch by having their store crash"
6 "Uh... you post this nonsense about how GREAT the new tech and chip are but apparently you forgot to load them into your own website!? Launch day and I'm running into glitches you had to KNOW were coming. Get off it!"
7 "I can't get past the error page!"
8 "Started the morning super excited but left with nothing but disappointment and error messages. #Pixel6launchfai
lure #pixel6launch🤬 My Pixel2XL keeps restarting randomly so I need a new phone and none of the other Google phones have been enough of an upgrade for me. Should I get an iPhone13 instead?"
9 "Your phones are great but so big. Please work on smaller size with same amazing picture power and Pixel tools"
10 "Hey G, we need that on-hold feature for google store. Maybe you can let us know when we can finally checkout. P6P in the cart for 1.5+ hours, checkout broken, still."
11 "Does anyone know if Android 12 will fix the wireless charging that was broken on my Pixel4XL by Google when they did a update in March?? I know they were having problems with the batteries on the Pixel 4. I had to replace mine after just a yr.. and now that I'm thinking about it it started having problems right after I bought and started using the pixel stand. Then Google did the update and my wireless charging hasn't worked since. I want my money back for the Pixel stand if I can't use it to wirelessly charge my pixel 4. Was gonna upgrade to the 6 pro but how do I know they same won't happen to the wireless charging on the pixel 6 pro too???"
12 "I felt like Ticketmaster! I was excited, but your store Crashed : Now it appears Bots bought up all the phones, how does a Pre-order Sell Out? The Wait isn't over..."
13 "I hope there will be one store in Bhutan too"
14 "The wait is over*

* if you live somewhere Google decides to sell their phones.

I don't know if any Pixel has been available in NZ without importing it somehow?"
15 "Love my pixel phone but I think Google will be loosing me as a customer for now. The Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 pro are to big compared to my pixel 3. Perhaps if they make a smaller phone in the future I will consider buying a pixel again."
16 "The store was down more than an hour already 👽"
17 "The wait is not over. The wait for your website to work is ongoing. Waiting, waiting and more waiting"
18 "Nice work, Google - selling out to bots like that."
19 "Looks like the wait isn't over site doesn't work. Then later everyone will be selling them on eBay for way much more"
20 "The store died as soon as the live event started, came back 21 minutes later, and now checkout is dead."
21 "Um...store crashed."
22 "Great, had a pro 512 in my cart during error and now that finally get pass error and says both 256 and 512 outta stock"
23 "Should have hosted your storefront on Azure. Then maybe it would have worked. 🤷"
24 "Okay, I was going to go to the Verizon retailer by me and pre order a pixel 6 pro but then I remembered that I'm pissed that my Pixel 4XL stopped working with the Google wireless charger stand I bought after Google did an update in March. Is the same thing going to happen to the pixel 6 pro if I buy it. I saw on line that there seem to be 100's of people who pixels 4 all stopped wirelessly stopped charging. If I can't use the google stand anymore because of this update I want my money back"
25 "I've got an error on shipping address page. Anyone?"
26 "Howdy, just got a Pixel 5a 3 weeks ago. Can I return it to get a Pixel 6 series? without the restocking fee? I like the 5a, but feel like it is already obsolete, and would like the 6 instead."
27 "The waiting has apparently just begun since the Google Store shows both the 256 and 512G unlocked models as ""out of stock"" already. Guess I the 4XL could be sticking around for a other year."
28 "Hello, just wondering if the pixel buds will be back in stock soon. I don't want to pre order the pixel 6 pro until Google has addressed how they are getting everyone the buds.
Thanks in advance for the reply"
29 "I tried to joy Google Fi. I bought the SIM card and set up an account, but Ican’t transfer my number and the 24/7 phone for questions doesn’t work. Does Google Fi really work?"
30 "The store crashed, was unable to purchase and now it's out of stock? How TF does a preorder become out of stock?"
31 "Lemme guess... once again not available in Portugal. oh well time to buy another bloated xiaomi or samsung"
32 "80% faster CPU, 370% faster GPU... Google is cruel with Pixel 5 owner like me 🥲"
33 "I can't wait to buy this phone on eBay for $2000"
34 "This would be great IF the website didn't crash and IF Google financing was part of YOUR COMPANY! My order didn't process with Google but did through financing and I'm still waiting for it to be corrected!! I'll never be able to order the phone I waited a year for! 😭🤬"
35 "I don't think I'll get another pixel after an android update broke my phone battery and google won't admit it or do anything about it. It's happened to thousands of people."
36 "Exactly how does pre-order get out of stock I'm so disappointed right now"
37 "Preordered my Pixel 6 Pro from Fi. Pixel 4xl user and I can't wait for these new cameras and the third-party camera integration! I'd love to finish up my degree and work at Google in the future. It seems like a great place with great minds. Pixel phones are really such great tools for everyday use."
38 "This s*** is turning out to be just like the PlayStation 5 where all bots were able to buy all consoles. and not one f****** customer this is b******* if people already have the phone on their cart they should be able to just to pay for it"
39 "Owns a Pixel 5 and not happy with my experience so far. I am with Google for a long time but the only phone I liked the most was my 2 XL. Google owes me a good phone experience so far."
40 "I managed to order one through telstra, walked into their store. Hopefully they didn't sell an out of stock phone to me. 😴"
41 "I just went on your site to order the pixel 6 pro the minute it went live, I've been a pixel owner since every phone was released, I've been a beta tester for pretty much every release of android, I'm a massive helper on google guides, via my reviews with millions of views... Ive pretty much dedicated my digital life to Google... Hell I've even endured the pixel 5!!!
Yet as a pixel superfan i cannot even manage to get a simple pre-order... The site simply didn't work despite me adding to my basket for over 2 hours and getting the sorry its not you it's us message 😭😭😭
How can it be so hard for someone like me to get my new phone ordered and pay for it in one.
I've often wondered if I could go to the dark side and go iPhone, in all honesty this latest kick in the teeth from Google may just push me over the edge.
I'm utterly utterly disappointed and not sure what I'm going to do next as I cannot stand to live with this pathetic pixel 5 any longer
😡😡"
42 "Pretty funny, still using the original, pixel XL. Want to finally update to 6, just can't finish the checkout."
43 "You soured me to your brand with two defective pixel 3XLs and poor customer service. I am having a really hard time talking myself into trusting the name again."
44 "This is a big pile of b******* I had to f****** phone on my cart and it keep telling me I couldn't pay for it and then all of a sudden it goes out of stock what kind of s*** is this"
45 "Wasted a hour and a half of my life trying to refresh your store! It's been in my cart the whole time but wouldn't let me check out!!!!! Now it's out of stock?? Are you kidding me???????"
46 "Google, a 🤬 huge company, spying on everything that moves, and get servers for their 🤬 pixel launch to have decent experience. What a 🤬 joke they are!"
47 "Got to checkout then my pixel pro was removed from cart due to being ""out of stock"". So lame."
48 "Store crashed still can't checkout."
49 "Look like the scalpers won again."
50 "Dear Google please keep Google translate off of my facebook page I speak English and don't need to have it translated into a different language"
51 "There was a problem with the battery on the pixel 4. They were supposedly going to replace it for free but when I went to the I fix it place they didn't know anything about it so I paid a 100 to have my battery replaced"
52 "Umm if I can’t change fonts on Android 12, I’m not going with this. Certain fonts let you read faster.. Bring back serif fonts!"
53 "I really want to love my new Pixel 6 but it will go back to the dealer tomorrow, I'll stick to my Pixel 4. No face unlock, no ""mobile"" this thing is huge, and not even the Pro!? The fingerprint sensor failed already on me many times, and i only got the phone for like 7 hours... i really want to like it, but its just not as good as expected."
54 "when will you have the ear buds back in stock, I want to order a 6Pro but want the free ear buds."
55 "an hour of trying and still the site has crashed. again........"
56 "One of the worst customer experiences I have had in awhile. Ordered an older phone and got a delivery date. This date kept moving to the right and I called them to tell them that I needed the phone by a certain date for travel. They promised it would be here a day or two early. Got the shipping confirmation and it is coming the day I leave. No way to cancel the order and they said to deny the delivery when it arrives, which is hard to do when you are out of the country. I was tempted to try Google Fi, but with the way this was dealt with I will stick with what I already have."
57 "not the size no... too big and too heavy"
58 "I took a break from google when they dropped the ball on the battery life on their phones. Now I see they followed trend instead of what worked on their phones. They did not listen to the people that buy their phones and use them. No power brick and then guilt us with all the environment talk. Finger print scanner on the front instead of the back where it worked all the time to now on the screen so one cannot buy a phone case that truly protects the phone. Yes the screens will break just like every other phone out there. Ya screwed up again google. Please start listening to us."
59 "2.5 hours later... I was not able to get the 6 Pro but was able to get the 6. Been using google phones since Nexus 5X Been a customer of Google Fi from the start. I tried to get the phone through the Google Fi site but it kept dumping out. So I went to the Google store where I had the same problems. But sort of glad I did. Ya, see for some reason the store valued my trade-in 100 dollars higher than the Google Fi site. After all these years the Fi side of the house wanted to short me??? WTF???"
60 "Lol, good to hold horses and wait for tg deals. Based on p4 experience 😅"
61 "Does RCS work yet? Is there integration with iMessage so I don’t get microscopic shared videos in group texts?"
62 "When should I expect my refund since my order was cancelled?"
63 "Hi Google, is Pixel 6 eventually be available in Singapore ? I know we are not the first 8 countries to pre book."
64 "Would be nice if they even said something about it but nope Google cant be trusted to communicate."
65 "If the 6 is better than the 4, then it must be worth every penny 🤣👍👍 . I LOVE my Pixel 4a! Thanks, Google!"
66 "Just got thru to checkout. After 3hrs, pixel 6 pro is mine."
67 "Literally applied for financing on this figuring it was going to be faster, just play the refresh game for 45 minutes and find out they're sold out. Talk about irritating."
68 "I was trying to order. Hope the store gets fixed soon."
69 "Wait is back for me. Was in my cart, now sold out. Any time frame for back in stock? 512 gb black pro."
70 "Yeah, I'm watching the Live Launch event. I absolutely love it. ❤️"
71 "And as a complete shocker to all your missing phones, ebay seems to have soooooo many new ones 😂"
72 "God, if you exist, please, send it to me pleeeeeease 🥺
Only one Google pixel 6 Pro 🙇‍♀️ Google"
73 "PHONES ARE GOOD SHAME THEIR CUSTOMER SUPPURT BLOWS WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER GIFT CARD EVER AGAIN THE PHONE IS THE ONLY THING I MIGHT EVER BUY FROM THEM EVER AGAIN"
74 "*Finger print scanner doesn't work with screen protector

The only thing I don't like about this phone is the placement of the finger print scanner.

Having it on the back was so convenient, and not disruptive my user experience, and it ALWAYS WORKED.

The scanner as apart of the screen looks cool, but isn't as practical. I can't even put a screen protector on my new phone because if I did the scanner won't work.

Please start providing screen protectors (that will work) with the phone, just go back the way things were. Nice and simple"
75 "Was trying to get this and google needed me to sign in on my Verizon account but verizon locked me out and I'm stuck"
76 "Yup error on checkout..."
77 "Terrible launch. Bad ordering experience, there was more talk than actual content during the keynote, very limited embargos. 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩 Think I might finally switch."
78 "I wish this was sold in PH... so many pixel fans here... Google"
79 "My girlfriend and I are planning on purchasing two Pixel 6 Pros, we looked and it seems like the Sorta Sunny color version is only listed with 128gb will there be a 256gb version coming soon?"
80 "I'm here for the...Ummm The Store Crashed Comments!! 🤣🤣🤣"
81 "Waiting for it to be available in Singapore."
82 "Both me and my daughter have a pixel 3..pushed update early this morning..toaste
d both phones ..never again google"
83 "No Pixel in store @ Austria 😡"
84 "Pixel 6 ordered..woohoo"
85 "You guys already out of stock for the storm black pixel 6 pro in 256 gb and 512 gb"
86 "Now it's all sold out except the 128 gm model. what a mess"
87 "I think you could've done better on the colors but overall it looks like a pretty sweet phone."
88 "Speaking of oopsies. Because of the issues with the storefront, my order was billed to PayPal instead of Google's financing option. Google's solution is for me to give up my order for the 6 Pro 512gb, and place a new order for the out of stock phone..."
89 "Make it available in HK please"
90 "That doesn't change that I'ma be your next fav Producer follow my page ❤️"
91 "Finally able to order my mother's pixel 6 but it won't let me order my pixel pro keep getting error OR-SOFF-01"
92 "Hey Google, why can't I get through to anyone in Google store support? It's been 3 days trying to talk to a customer service agent"
93 "Is Google going to release a statement about the botched release of these new phones? What's happening is leaving a lot of people with unnecessary worries about if they're going to get the new phone they've been waiting for.
I know I am while I type this on my Pixel 2!"
94 "I tried to buy this phone and now my life is ruined."
95 "Can't checkout. I don't recall Apple having similar issues when they launch stuff!"
96 "What an embarrassing launch.
I still think the phone will be great though."
97 "I came here, just to plead to Google, to please end the onslaught that is the Google Fi commercials. They are horrible. I hate them. Please stop this."
98 "I need help in accessing the money my videos have earned and need to speak to a human in google!"
99 "Coming from Pixel 2 I've tried the Pixel 5, 5a, and 6, and have noticed that with all three of these latest phones, the display is a huge step DOWN from the pixel 2. The 5, 5a, and 6, all give me eye strain almost immediately. There is a slight blur to the image -\-\ text and lines are not as sharp as on the Pixel 2. Colors do not pop as well as on Pixel 2. Viewing angles are horrible compared to Pixel 2. What is going on here? I've read about other people experiencing these same issues - particularly the eye strain. This is unacceptable."
100 "Will the Pixel 6 line get unlimited high-quality backup with Google Photos??"
101 "I would pre order to get the free pixel buds but the pixel buds are out of stock now? Do we just lose out on that now?"
102 "Thanks Google. Put what I wanted in my cart. Your checkout crashed, and by the time it was fixed, it was all out of stock. Seriously? Google. You own all the data farms on earth.. and your store was over loaded? How is that even possible?"
103 "Have you fixed the hardware issues from the Google Pixel 4 XL? I have my second one of those that is now having issues again in just over a year. Can you send me one of these free for the troubles I have been having?"
104 "But............
Not in Singapore. Again. Sorry but I'm gonna jump ship now. My 3XL already dead here."
105 "I'm waiting till you lift the embargo and we can see some independent reviews."
106 "I swear ordering this phone has been hell. Your customer service has been a nightmare. By the way thanks for trying to charge my credit card twice. Once for the pre order and again during while releasing it for shipment. The three way call with my credit card company was nice with your support team. Who do you guys hire for customer service?"
107 "I was able to order one on the 20th with the Pixel buds pre-order bonus and a case, but the delivery estimate is weeks apart on each item. Buds next week, case mid November, Phone Dec. 1. Is there a way to get everything in just one package with the phone? I really don't care about the pixel buds to be honest and obviously don't need the case without the phone"
108 "Got one a pro through Verizon no problem"
109 "after continuously clicking trying to buy for an hour and a half, not it says my item is out of stock and has been removed from my cart.. are you kidding me???"
110 "Please launch in Singapore!!"
111 "Won't let you buy the pixel pass"
112 "Can't even preorder with at&t
:/
Not looking good"
113 "No tmobile still :("
114 "Get an error everytime I try to checkout. For 3 days now"
115 "Just 5 minutes ago I just ordered the stormy Black version it's in stock 128 GB only"
116 "pixel is probably the best bang for the buck"
117 "Google still haven't gotten my email with code for pixel A buds promotion. Bought the 6 pro"
118 "Ordered mine!"
119 "Best phone I ever owned. The speed is just crazy."
120 "Finally checkout went through, pixel 6 256gb seafoam"
121 "You locked me out of my Google account and my term papers are in there. Please for the love of God help me get back in. I've tried everything. What Google God did I make mad for this to happen to me."
122 "I was going to pre order too but then I was like I think I'm going to wait till they get all the bugs out first"
123 "Did any real people actually get one? All sold out now, the wait continues"
124 "Please launch the phone in Singapore too."
125 "Speaking about Pixel y6 is okay. What happened to Google showing Diwali icon? Very disappointed."
126 "How do you contact customer service for Google pixel phone issues?"
127 "When will the Google phone available officially in Malaysia ~ ?"
128 "Only black if you want more storage??"
129 "Hey Tucker your wireless charging still work on your Pixel 4??"
130 "I’m waiting for the camera and the performace of new tensor chip testing 😙"
131 "7 days ago, when my cell phone died, Google Fi Support said that my phone was covered under the protection plan and that a replacement phone would be sent to me.

As of today Google Fi Support told me:
- A device was sent to me, delivered, then sent back to the warehouse. (NOTE: I did not receive the replacement phone so I'm not sure why a device would be sent back.)
- An order was placed to replace the initial replacement phone that never made it into my hands.
- Google Support reported internally that I had the replacement device (I NEVER got the replacement device), so the order for the 2nd replacement device was canceled.

My case, for reasons unknown to me, had to be taken care of by a special support team and it takes 24 hours to get a reply.

Nearly everything requires verification nowadays and that typically is done through a code sent to a cell phone. For instance, I can't get into my online checking account unless I am able to receive a verification code via text through my phone. I can physically go to the bank, but I really don't have time for that—especially
since not having a phone has essentially created other tasks for my life.

Some businesses only enable customers to manage their accounts through an app on their phone. For instance, I can't cancel upcoming gym classes or change the method of payment unless I can access the app. Again, I can go in person and manage these things, but I don't have time.

I had always thought that I could live without my phone if it came down to it. It didn't seem like a big deal to have to run to the bank or to the gym to handle my business, but life isn't built for that anymore. Having access to a cell phone is mandatory for handling the pace of modern life.

Living without a phone is having a huge impact on being able to manage the logistics of my life, affecting my ability to do my job, costing me money, and affecting my mental health.

Please help me."
132 "i waiting 512GB white pixel 6 pro."
133 "I ordered mine from the Google store on 10-21... It is saying estimated delivery December 1st. is that accurate?"
134 "it seems that on mediamarkt.de they are available, can anyone confirm?
or are they just in pre-order?"
135 "Could Google activate VoLTE in Finland as soon as possible? Or in the Nordics preferably?"
136 "My next smartphone in 2023.Still happy with Pixel 3xl"
137 "Please fix the fingerprint sensor. ""Really"""
138 "Get a f*ng iPhone instead. You’re welcome"
139 "Not when you bricked my 2 year old pixel 3xl, for absolutely no reason. I'm not biting."
140 "How do I get some direct help getting back into my gmail account?"
141 "where to buy."
142 "Terrible launch. Finally got one."
143 "So the ""Sorta Sunny"" Pro only comes in 128GB..why did you even waste your time producing it. What a Joke!!!"
144 "Sold out in less than an hr gg"
145 "Thanks for Android 12. It has made my phone completely unusable."
146 "When can we get this in Singapore?"
147 "What a leap for google 💪💪"
148 "All sold out wtf Google now I got to buy a Samsung"
149 "WHERE IS THE 256GB SORTA SUNNY OPTION???? 😭😭😭
Do I have to wait until it becomes available as an option? If so, how long?"
150 "How can a pre-order sell out?"
151 "Why is no one answering the phone? My code isn't working on my card"
152 "Anyone else watching Google play hopscotch with the delivery date on their pixel 6 order?"
153 "I have an error that I can't recover my account, can anyone here help me?"
154 "I want it 😍"
155 "why does my pixel pro 512gb delivery date keep moving forward ??? was 28th then 30th and now 12th nov"
156 "I liked as we’l. !!"
157 "Will there be a Google watch anytime soon ?"
158 "How can I buy it from UAE?"
159 "I know how u can get one"
160 "When does the Gulf arrive?"
161 "The wait is over... You just have to wait a few months for it to be shipped... Lol"
162 "Hope will came to malaysia"
163 "Any chance there is a loyalty deal?"
164 "what about offering in whole europe?"
165 "Has anyone been able to complete a pre-order?"
166 "When do you have stock?"
167 "Google stop show us intrusive ads all the time can't get on to anything on Google with some kind of ad"
168 سقس
169 "I really need one"
170 "Does the cancellation of AdSense affect my YouTube Account?"
171 "Can I have the calling number of Google support team?"
172 "Smaller phones? Why?"
173 We
174 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??"
175 A
176 ش
177 "keep R013 then telling you the black 256gb P6Pro sold out wtf?"
178 "Hi x"
179 ضظش
180 "اريد التواصل مع فريق دعم جوجل"
181 Kool
182 هههه
183 "Can someone tell me how to delete my gmail account??????"
184 "لو سمحت عايزه اشترى الفون ده ومش متوفر فمصر"
185 "After all a smarter phone don't really fit well in our real world"
186 Amen
187 "You should have Bethel, Alaska on Google street view."
188 Iu7
189 "How secure is your phone if Google can access it to change things without your consent and knowledge?"
190 "need google cam for infinix note8."
191 Okay
192 "I wish AT&T didn’t make the mistake ON THEIR END — take away my upgrade eligibility with AT&T Next Up™️ and now refusing to help a long time customer… so now I’m stuck with this expensive iPhone I’m tired of. I would LOVE to get a Pixel. I used to have Android phones, but always hated the bloatware. Loving the Pixel Pro! It definitely will be my next phone, when I don’t know 😢😡 thanks to AT&T."
193 "Added to my cart the minute it would let then wouldn't let me checkout for over an hour with constant refresh and now its out of stock😂, we'll I tried,this roll out was horrible maybe you should have limited purchases to one per customer or something."
194 "Constant errors. Can't even get into my cart to clear it out"
195 "Now every pixel pro is out of stock!!! Wow! I guess great for the scalpers and ebay but I'm not buying one from them."
196 "Mohammed Alamin
اها كيف وكيف🙄"
197 Xnxx
198 "It's crazy at how well Google does photography with this aging sensor on the Pixel 5. Given all of Apples improvements Pixel is still right up there. This makes me more excited for the Pixel 6 !"
199 "Been trying to buy one since 1:00. No luck. Store is broken."
200 Good
201 "Finally got it to order on Sprint using my laptop."
202 "I just need a phone with good speakers"
203 "When will you add the Google Pixel 6 Pro to Amazon Canada?"
204 "I like it but a mini would be nice"
205 "The Pixel 6 looks really good."
206 wow
207 "The last and distinguishing feature is"
208 nice
209 wow
210 wow
211 wow
212 "Now you know why I don't own a single mobile phone and haven't for over 20 years."
213 wow
214 "Why is this phone nog available in Belgium, come on, Google, be like Apple!"
215 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=aIXyKmEl
vv8"
216 "Inna Grynova"
217 "Stuart Tamplen"
218 "Mariag Correa Gonzalez"
219 "Saras Chokupermal"
220 "Manuel Deas"
221 "Diên Hồ"
222 "Diana Noriega"
223 wow
224 ,
225 Cc.
226 💖👌🏼👏🏼
227 1
228 "Casper Gjerde Schumacher"
229 😐😅
230 "Kassandra 📱"
231 0
232 ".
."
233 "Nguyễn Uyên"
234 👍
235 -
236 -
237 /
238 "Shwen Lyng"
239 +
240 .
241 "Got one at best buy. Same price."
242 "Google
Why don't you do a compact design for people who love small smartphones like me"
243 "This looks wonderful. Could you make a smaller one with the same new, great camera? These new phones are far too large to put in one's pocket. It'd be ideal if you had one the same size as the Pixel 3a."
244 "Woohoo was able to get it Pro pre ordered!!"
245 "Wow. Must not have enough. Got one in the cart and errors keep popping up. I'll judt wait until its in the stores."
246 "What happened google home cannot link xiaomi home iot?"
247 "What a joke. I might have no choice but to make the jump to an Iphone."
248 "I have a pixel 6 pro and I need technical support and have been unable to speak with any human being and regards to help with this phone. Please help"
249 "Hello Google! I know the deal with the Pixel buds is available only while supplies last but can you please let the option to preorder them with the Pixel 6?"
250 "I ordered the Pixel 6 Pro 512GB variant through Verizon! Got a case coming from Amazon also."
251 "How can I get the Bose 700 headphones offer? It ends tonight and I cannot find a way to pre-order with this promotion. Is it not available in the US???"
252 "Flawless, the camera is sick🤘🔥"
253 "COOL

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥"
254 "I just don't understand why one of the largest cloud provider, along with the world's best engineers, can't host their store website properly?"
255 "My phone sat in the cart for 20 minutes, then it gets deleted by the server and says the phone is sold out...🖕"
256 "Feeling ripped off. Pre-ordered the pixel 6 pro and getting free pixel buds ($99US) which is nice. But UK customers are getting free Bose headphones ($379US). Seems unfair to the US/Canada customers."
257 nice
258 nice
259 "How is it that we pay a subscription for YouTube TV, that comes with DVR, and yet on some shows we’re still forced to watch commercial ads? That’s not why I joined, but it will be why I cancel my subscription. Stop double dipping!"
260 "Why does #Google #Adsense ban publishers who have visitors from #Facebook?"
261 "#HeyGoogle love your products but your customer service sucks! Looking at upgrading my Pixel 3XL but your customer service and Google One customer services is making Apple look good, and that says something for someone who loves his Pixel phone. Contacted them on October 22nd and have been bounced around like a ball between agents through email with no one able to solve my Payment profiles issue."
262 "I want to work with an investment plan for our Earth's Interspace Ring. Like Saturn's rings. My tiktok is cortana_ss. You guys might seen LinkX logo.

We would have highest technology advance on the Ring. Internet, networking, tools, products, services, and jobs. Constructions. Satellites maintenance access. Easier space exploration advantages.

Purposefully, the mission of Ring is to reverse our global climate crisis factors.

I need investors to start with. Please let me know.

Afa, CEO
afauzun@live.co
m"
263 "How I can shutdown play random video after last video in saved playlist? I need it to stop playing ANY videos after last video I ADD and don't want to look any other video from You. I speack about recent changes in YouTube. I just haven't any other variants to deal with this. You don't give me such variants."
264 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=AAqPvNs9
q0A"
265 "and qi gong :)"
266 "you should try to do this 🙂 trainning"
267 "come taste Peruvian too :)"
268 "https://
www.chefaaronsan
chez.com/"
269 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=DB-3nsT9
aAk"
270 "Definitely don't let them ship you this phone. I never received it. They used FedEx which is the worst shipping company right now. I never got my phone and since it shows ""delivered"" on the tracking, they don't care to help."
271 right
272 "Hi Google

Thought I would bring this to your attention. Scammers are abusing your platform to send out scam texts. I think you need to address this as so far there have been 3 sent to me. All 3 I have traced back to your platform. All three have been scam texts. The scammers are doing something called caller id spoofing replacing the number they are texting from with an australian number. The link in the text is what I trace and all 3 ip addresses are traced back to your platform."
273 "I need my account number 9294967181 I can't remember it. What's the fee for pay pal"
274 "I contacted customer service several times this week. I was unable to talk to somebody and they send me emails saying that they are sorry they can help me. if you do not have the capacity to sell phones and provide services stop offering those.
I thought I was making a good decision buying a pixel phone. I was wrong.
It is frustrating.😡"
275 "https://
5billionsales.co
m/affiliate/
sennaouy"
276 "What's wrong with your customer service? Why can't I get help? Please help me."
277 "https://
www.theblaze.com
/news/
new-report-sound
s-massive-priva
cy-invasion-ala
rm-for-mobile-p
hone-users-dele
te-google-chrom
e-on-your-phone"
278 "Looks like a decent set of phones. Too bad their support is so terrible. Even as a Google Fi customer for years, I've recently had multiple help support tickets open for weeks now and nobody is working on them. As of now I do not recommend their Fi service, and be careful about buying from their store as well. That's where my issue began. #googlepixel #GoogleFi"
279 "It doesn’t matter if you have great products and you can’t ship them.
You delayed my shipment 5 times already and your customer services team is hopeless and can’t help
Google is treating customers poorly…. 🤬"
280 "Awful lot of false advertising with these phones. You lied about the max charging speed, you lied about the performance, and lied about the battery life. I smell a class action lawsuit brewing, and I'm not the only one. A quick look at the Pixel subreddit and you'll see a LOT of people are talking about starting one."
281 "Buy in 1688 in english
Pay in naira direct on website and ship with shiping company without any agent
Safe more money win more bussiness
learn more :www.echanmall.c
om
PLS contact：+86 13302388245(wec
hat&whatspp)"
282 "I ordered mine 3 weeks ago during preorder, FedEx lost the shipment and there's no way to contact Google about it, I love paying 800 for a phone and not actually getting it....."
283 "I purchased two Pros in black on pre-order, received one, but y'all took my money for two. 8hrs of trying to get in touch with customer service with two reps hanging up on me after saying hello. Now I'm in the second week and 3rd email of confirming my address. Like come on you made Google earth and I've checked, the image sent by the courier who delivered the single phone (in a box physically unable to fit two like label said) looks a lot like the one on Google earth. The $10 voucher for my patience is a laughable as well. I am just looking for some actual answers like we have you in line for the next available or here's a discount or the option to get my money back. Good luck to those in the same situation as I."
284 "انا صاحب الصورة عاصم محمد ياسين الدسوقي نمرة ت ٠١٠٩٦٥٨٠٦٩٣وشكر
ا مصري الجاءذة بالدولار الأمريكي وشكرا"
285 "Not sure why google charged me and then refunded me the price of the phone on my credit card twice when the phone hasn’t shipped yet."
286 "Pre ordered within hours of launch. EDD 24 January! Phone that was shown in stock still hasn't shipped! Done with Google after 3 pixles. Their customer service is absolutely garbage!"
287 "Except the phones are not connecting with the cell phone companies networks. And if they do, they constantly lose connection and can't be used in any manner. Is there going to be a fix for this? Otherwise the phone is completely useless as it doesn't make or receive calls, make or receive texts or anything else"
288 "Itschurchesjesu
schristbacteria
georgewashingto
nwritesbooksgeo
rgewashingtonba
nkofthewestthef
dacdcgeorgewash
ingtonwellsfarg
othefdacdcgeorg
ewashingtonbank
ofamericathefda
cdcgeorgewashin
gtonbankofalbuq
uerquethefdacdc
georgewashingto
nonmentalmedici
nesprescribingm
edicine"
289 "C®c faaaaà,,😁😁}:‑):-D:-D}:‑):
-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:
-D}:‑):,-):,-):
-D:-D:-D:-D:-D}
:‑):-D:,-):-D}:
‑):-D:-D:-D}:‑)
:-D:-D}:‑). V. Fàaaffaafàaaaaz
çfaààdfff.f
Sáafs cc fàs ffs ffacafaaaàfàFfa
aafpofl good ffffffkahfllflh
lfkfkflflfjdlfj
flfkfhfkflfkfkp
ff"
290 "You idiots need to fix the date/time to where it doesn't change constanly. Incompetent clowns."
291 "Who named earth? No answer you say
But all other planets named by man?
Hmm only real intelligence can answer the 1st ?"
292 "Gentlemen google gmail, my account has been hacked and all my data is not stolen.. and the automated system understands that it changed everything.. the account was created in 2015. Please help me"
293 super
294 ewow
295 super
296 super
297 +
298 +
299 "Very interesting :)"
300 "https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=-IV9qjL8
zI0"
301 wow
302 super
303 Nice
304 "Md Nurul Amin"
305 "Md Nurul Amin"
306 "I use Chromecast for a lot of streaming from a laptop. I have never had an issue until today. While EVERYTHING else streams properly, when I try and stream FOX Nation I get OOPS, r.toLowerCase is not a function. Is Google playing games????"
307 "Google censorship is interfering with a missing person search. I posted this enhancement of a missing person photo to Youtube where a missing person case is discussed (video title: WMAQ NBC 5 Chicago Signoff (1991) Channel 5 WMAQ-TV Off Air Flag Raising Missing Person). My comment is being shadowbanned (it looks like posted but you reload page and it's deleted). When I try to repost, it also deletes my 2 previous comments!!! I feel anger and disgust towards Google. Because I think this Google censorship starting to be seriously harmful for the society. I cannot post the image here because Google banned posting images and if I post a link on Fakeblock, Fakeblock censors it. I feel anger and disgust towards Fakeblock. So you won't see the enhanced photo unless you send me a message so that I can send it to you personally."
308 "From watches to toys to car accessories we have it all we even have holiday decor. Go to www.rayjamesonl
inebazar.com to shop today"
309 "I am elderly. My address was changed to a different neighborhood 1.5 years ago. Not even same street name. Emergency responders cannot find me. Food/groceries delivery cannot find me. I have reported this via your app and BBB but Nothing has been fixed. What is wrong with you? You put people at risk by dropping addresses!"
310 gsrgdsa
311 fsffffef
312 "My phone was recently hacked by a suspicious device by the name ""Linux"" since there is no messaging option for me to reach out to you guys I am reaching out here I need some help!"
313 "Shontelle's not doing her job. Please fire her now."
314 "Google has announced they will begin requiring two factor authentication,
password, plus a texted authentication code. I see this as a bad thing for anyone who doesn't have a cell phone, as they'll lose access to their account. A lot of poor people have prepaid accounts, and intermittent lapses in service because they have problems affording to pre-pay. I'm hoping they will offer an alternative authentication method that doesn't require an additional device, either that, or make the two factor thing optional, as other services do. Many homeless around here have email at the library as their only means of electronic communication. Social services, employers, potential employers, others, even Social Security communicate via email, and with only 4 days notice, there's no way these people will be able to set up an alternative email and notify everyone. The very poor don't need an additional kick in the teeth by Google."
315 "Someone please gift me"
316 "Laura Harris"
317 "Pre-ordered right after it was listed on google store. shipping date keeps on changing. Nov 20 is new estimated delivery date. 🙄🙄"
318 "Two weeks ago, I got my new Pixel 4a phone. I was blown away by the camera - the main reason why I bought it. But, unfortunately, I dropped my phone from a not too high height about 50 centimeters from the ground. It had a phone case and a screen cover. But, the phone screen cracked from the inside and now I no more have a phone that works. I am so disappointed at Google for charging almost $350 for a phone this fragile. This is to say, I highly advice you to not purchase a google phone."
319 "Hi everyone! I just got my Pixel 6 Pro and one thing I noticed is that the camera turns to a 2mp vga camera during video chats on facebook messenger, whatsapp, and instagram. Although it was awesome when we tried it on google meet video chat. So I was wondering if other people do experience the same thing because I do video chats so often and it's a major turn off for me honestly. I was reading on reddit that a few people have been reporting that issue as well so I wanted to get insights on other social media platforms too."
320 "Hey Google, instead of inventing more crap, how about a customer service phone number??? Been locked out of my account for a week now, I need more then the account recovery page!!!"
321 "Google your new Android 12 update causes photosensitive seizures. You need to fix it."
322 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
323 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
324 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
325 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
326 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
327 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
328 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
329 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
330 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
331 "I formatted my phone 25 days ago and since then I can't log into my gmail account. I was told that you can enter in a week, but I still can't. I know my password I have recovery phone and recovery gmal. I was told that you would log in in a week, but I still can't log into my account. I say I forgot my password, my recovery phone comes out, but the code does not come to my account. There is nothing I haven't tried in my account. Thinking that there would be such a problem, I called the service and had all the messages opened for international services. I'm trying to enter my gmail, but I can't, but I receive a message because I tried to enter your gmail. My phone is Samsung S9+ Android version 10. I can't log in to my account, my password, my recovery phone and my recovery mail are all available. You can review this account. In the payment options of the account, I have my credit cards and payment deoonts attached, I can prove that all kinds of accounts belong to me."
332 "I'm experiencing many problems with my Pixel 6. Please send me the correct number and email address for the appropriate human being to address and resolve the disturbing issues. Thanks."
333 "is mixed. up , but please your heardware asap"
334 "today, i am trying to search a medical website, and google again is saying they ""are spying on me? why. Maybe there"
335 "google is sending unanimous messages that they tracking my requests, exam. needed sunday to check animal service in los angeles. Google, said i must have WF. WHAT COMPANY IS THIS that demands we waste and have W-F?"
336 "Google, i hardly use your system, not only on the internet"
337 "Customer service is ridiculous. I have been trying to solve an issue with the payments center since August. I keep contacting support which always ends up the discussion by saying that they are transferring to an expert and that I will receive an email. Never received anything.
Had greater expectations from Google, shame on you."
338 "Apparently I can't tag them either! What crap service!"
339 "So how about trying to get a hold of your customers service team? Is my phone lost now 🤣? It's still the wrong phone no ear buds and trying to send a message now apparently that's down too. Way to go Made by Google"
340 "Hey Google really curious why i can't get anyone on chat or a number to call. So disappointed with my experience with the google store. I set up financing. Purchased the google pixel 6 pro in white. And got the A series pixel buds with promo. Now my card was put on hold. Lifted the 29th. And got an email from google there is still an issue and account on hold. When there is not. I have called and have a statement from google financing showing google store cancelled my phone purchase and is now charging me for the ear buds. This us so unfair its ridiculous. Please call me google. I'm confused and so so upset over this. I just want what i worked hard to purchase. We love google! Please reach out."
341 "Whatever you do make sure you don't talk negative about google because the admin will just block you. They did me at Google 1"
342 "https://
www.blogger.com/
profile/
0905561989937417
1940 How do I get you to stop hosting my blogs with an unkonw blogger tag?"
343 "Once again, Google and others suppressing conservative speech! From WND... Dear friend of WND,

After all the devastating attacks Big Tech has unleashed on WND – Google massively suppressing our traffic with its search algorithm, YouTube de-monetizing our channel, Facebook confining WND to “Facebook jail” and so on – you might wonder what else the Big Tech oligarchs could possibly do to hurt us even more?

Well, the grand prize goes to Google, which informed WND this past week that it intends to completely de-monetize the influential 25-year-old Christian conservative news site. “We’ll be disabling ad serving on the site wnd.com in 4 business days, on 11/01/21,” Google has informed us.

That, explains our advertising team, would cut our online ad revenue – the largest component of WND’s income – roughly in half, since not only would all Google ads be gone, but many of the ads from alternate ad services as well, since they almost all utilize Google Ad Manager to serve their ads. (Google, we’re told, is to online advertising what the interstate highway system is to road travel; it’s really hard to travel serious distances without using them.)

According to Google’s “Violation Explanation,” it seems your favorite news site is loaded with “dangerous or derogatory content,” as well as “misrepresentat
ive content” and “unreliable and harmful claims.”

“We do not allow content,” explain the Google overlords, “that incites hatred against, promotes discrimination of, or disparages an individual or group on the basis of their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, age, nationality, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, or other characteristic that is associated with systemic discrimination or marginalization
.” Or which “harasses, intimidates, or bullies an individual or group of individuals.”

Translation: Dare to report honestly on the insane transgender agenda – where boys in dresses raping teenage girls in school restrooms is ignored by the school board, where “biological men” can compete in and destroy women’s athletics, and where a man who identifies as a woman becomes “the first female 4-star admiral in history” – and you’re “inciting hatred” and “promoting discrimination.
”

And what about WND’s supposedly “unreliable and harmful claims”? Google tells us it does “not allow content that makes claims that are demonstrably false and could significantly undermine participation or trust in an electoral or democratic process. [Or which] promotes harmful health claims, or relates to a current, major health crisis and contradicts authoritative scientific consensus.”

Translation: Reporting truthfully and accurately on the Biden administration’
s insane mismanagement of the COVID pandemic – from imposing vaccine mandates that are shutting down the country right now, to suppressing early outpatient treatment of COVID with inexpensive, proven-safe-and
-effective medications that could have prevented hundreds of thousands of COVID deaths in America, to pretending “natural immunity” isn’t real even though 92 studies prove it’s superior to vaccine immunity – is not allowed. Only the official narrative – you know, the one that’s killing America – is allowed.

Ironically, a key component of WND’s “dangerous, derogatory, unreliable and harmful” content (in Google’s eyes) has to do with comments posted by WND’s loyal readers. So, for example, if a reader posts his or her personal views in WND’s commenting section, and if what they express goes against the woke, Marxist ideology of the internet’s gatekeepers, then WND is held responsible. Got that? This is obviously idiotic, since an enraged, drooling, leftwing, pajama-clad activist living in his mother’s basement could easily fill WND’s commenting section with outrageous statements intended to get us de-monetized by Google! You can’t make this stuff up.

Unfortunately, it’s all too real, which is why we have temporarily suspended all commenting on WND stories while we give our tech team the time to figure out how to bring back WND commenting without triggering Google’s delicate and tyrannical woke sensibilities. To be clear: Once we bring commenting back online, we will not be censoring comments (unless of course they’re pornographic, obscene, openly racist, promoting violence, etc.), but rather, we’re working on a technological fix that will allow us to restore commenting while also allowing WND to continue to exist – and to report boldly and truthfully, as we have for 25 years!

Of course, Google also says it is triggered by our regular published news content, particularly these three big topics: “COVID misinformation,
” allegations of voter fraud, and the transgender issue.

For the record, WND will not cease, nor slow down in any way, from reporting honestly and boldly on these issues. We cannot betray our very reason for existing as a news organization – reporting on the crucial developments that matter most to our readers, and which are currently ripping our country apart and destroying the next generation – and doing it with courage, accuracy and professionalism
, and with a Christian spirit."
344 "Wont allow me to purchase with your financing because I already have existing account, however no way to check out using my existing account only to apply for a new one."
345 "Too bad they followed this up with crap service...I'm still waiting for my Pixel 6 phone that I ordered in the first hour of the first day of preorder. I'm currently waiting in a long chat line to cancel the order and prevent it from getting shipped to me so I can avoid the hassle of returning something."
346 "https://
www.facebook.com
/
Little-Princess-
online-shop-106
280871859273/"
347 "Bbh jihhV jibgh h b7u n"
348 Emmm..right..👍
349 "I don't like it, because of the Trade they give very little value of Samsung s21"
350 "Hey Google...that was an epic failure of a launch! How in Gods name where you not prepared for that? I would have felt better if you had marketed the pre-order for only 128GB phones and will all be available for delivery in December/
January...It also seemed as if all the carriers, case and screen protector companies were left out on all pre order details until the last minute (which now doesn't matter since the devices are delayed). This was a botched launch and terrible for the everyday customer. If you didn't have so many reviewers on this so called TeamPixel and give them all phones to review, you might have actually had some phones left for paying customers. Signed, unhappy and waiting but loyal customer."
351 "https://
play.google.com/
store/
movies?utm_sourc
e=na_Med&utm_me
dium=offsem&utm
_content=Nov132
0&utm_campaign=
Evergreen&pcamp
aignid=MKT-EDR-
na-us-1000189-M
ed-offsem-mo-Ev
ergreen-Nov1320
-Text_Search_BK
WS-id_100255_|PHR|OFFSEM_kwi
d_4370002058806
3051&gclid=e24b
11b1620d17e850d
b70cc11ba64f2&g
clsrc=3p.ds&"
352 "F U google WTF"
353 "wtf F U"
354 "Shahin Ali"
355 "AMAZON Published 3 hours ago - Spies on route ??
Amazon driver in Orlando FL . fired after video shows female hopping out of back of delivery van
It was not clear what transpired inside the van ...oh my , says sulu ...but more importantly ..The video looks as if it was 30 ft off the ground ...in a all residential community ...Was the video taken out of a tree house , and was She next going to to the tree house ??? Inquiring minds wanna know ,,,,ya know , I once knew a very pretty girl who lived in a tree for 2 years , in Lake Elsinore CA ...no bs"
356 "https://
cleanerrr.com/"
357 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
358 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
359 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
360 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
361 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
362 "Plz hlp i cannot recovery my gamil account plz guidelines Google??
mdshium8@gmail.
com"
363 "Don't buy if you think you keep unlimited pictures on cloud. They said that all Pixel phone has unlimited pictures backup when you have a Pixel phone. But what they don't say is that Pixel 6 lose this"
364 "i want"
365 "Why should I do business with a company that is too stupid to put required signature on a $1000 phone delivery so the idiot FedEx guy just drops it outside an apartment building without even buzzing?"
366 "Google is the worst custom service in the world .. we face problems in our gmails and want help without any response .. what bad thing"
367 "If you take YouTube off of Roku, is it your intent to refund people’s annual fees who’ve subscribed and can no longer get it on their televisions?
To be clear, I won’t be getting a new tv simply because you can’t work out your differences."
368 "If it's anything like the pixel 3 xl priced at $999.00 just wait until the battery gets swollen and the back of the phone comes apart"
369 XxxVideos
370 "So I ordered a Pixel 6 with the promo earbuds. I woke up this morning and checked my email and found that the order was canceled. I called my bank to see if the problem was on their end, they stated no. I then called google support to see what the issue was and was told that this was a big problem when ordering a pixel 6. Apparently, orders for the 6 were being canceled by the system. So I asked what I needed to do to get my order processed and was told that I needed to reorder from the site. I was fine with that, but the $99.00 earbuds are no longer available and I cant receive the promotion because I did not order within the promotion period. To my chagrin, I lost out on 100 bucks because google made a mistake. This seems mighty unfair and has left a sour note with me. I hope this is not happening to others."
371 "Hi Google, I have a question for you, how could you botch the launch of the Pixel 6 so badly? It does not matter where you look, NO ONE has any inventory on the Pixel 6 pro. NO ONE. This phone was advertised so much, so much hype, and most can't even order it? your site kept crashing, T-Mobiles side kept crashing (that is my cell provider), now apparently I have to wait about a month for more inventory? disappointment does not even begin to cover how I feel. I have had pixel and even nexus phones for so long, but this has left a bad, really bad experience. You are GOOGLE, how could you be this unprepared!?!? Please, I want to get your phone (Pixel 6 pro cloudy white), why are you making it so difficult? I just want to get your phone..........
....."
372 "Google, you have really messed up this roll out of your flagship phone. Shipping dates keep moving back and forth. It takes you 3 months to get your product in your customers hands that is very poor planning on your part. Apple had my kids new phones delivered in 3 days, Now I have to wait 3 months for my Pixel. I am sure the folks at Apple are laughing, your customers not so much."
373 "Urgent I need your help, I forget All my gmail password still 3 day , how can I do please
leet83214@gmail
.com can use for tem"
374 "Hype it up, now its out of stock and it looks like they just gave up on waitlists.

Multi-billion dollar company, cant figure out how to make and ship phones to meet demand.

PATHETIC."
375 "Google the collaborators to the Democratic Party and Ally of Censorship!"
376 "I purchased a Samsung Note 20 Ultra unlocked from Samsung last year for $1200. The Andriod auto voice to text command doesn't want to work anymore in my Toyota Highlander. There seems to be an issue online but Google has locked the thread. I called Samsung since I am within my 1-year warranty and they made me go to a store to have it looked at. The tech support at the store could not figure it out. When I called Samsung back to tell them they said they only have a 15-day return policy and could do nothing for me in regards to fixing or replacing the phone. When I called Telus my supplier they will do nothing for me but try to put me on a 2-year plan for a new phone. I always out-right purchase my phones so I am not locked into these contracts. When going to Toyota to the dealership they could not figure out the issue as well and suggested I switch to an Apple Product. When trying to get a hold of Google the threads are turned off and there is no helpline. I am fed up with these large corporations treating the customers horribly. I have owned a Samsung product for over 10 years and this is the first time I've had an issue and I have been severely let down. This is truly sad the amount of money you spend on these products for there to be no help, customer service or replacement options. BUYERS BE WARNED!"
377 "https://
youtu.be/
7CRxuEWenw4"
378 "https://
youtu.be/
7CRxuEWenw4"
379 "WORST COMPANY to deal with if you are a business with a listing. Cannot reach anyone. Get auto generated form letters to EVERY request. All of them are sent from overseas and no one will actually address an issue"
380 "Google Why do you allow reviews calling a staff member “FAT” to stay online?
That is obviously a policy violation. Apparently we can fat shame and throw personal insults in reviews?! #fatshamingisnot
ok"
381 Xnxx
382 "is there a google live chat support number i can call?"
383 "Also - for those of us who use our advanced pocket supercomputer phone for audio recording -\-\ the lack of a headphone jack is sorely missed. There are virtually no quality usb c headphones / earbuds on the market -\-\ and bluetooth headphones tend to have too much latency / lag. USB C may be the new standard, but it is a long way from being actually practical in some important use cases - such as audio recording. It would be great to see Google come up with a solution for USB C's failings."
384 """Lets go Brandon"" and 🖕 Google! https://
www.breitbart.co
m/
entertainment/
2021/10/26/
rapper-bryson-gr
ays-lets-go-bra
ndon-anthem-moc
king-biden-soar
s-past-adelle-t
o-1-on-itunes-c
harts/
?fbclid=IwAR31Jh
E9I31NHN4KE2I04
NK90DqXuetOXeV1
vBAVtHShNu3Wi1G
15nEgmnk"
385 "LOSE THE NOSE EARING GIRL IN YOUR COMMERCIAL"
386 "I have spent 60 minutes jumping through all of your hoops to get into my gmail account and to no avail. When I use my gmail name, etc, you tell me that someone already has that name, etc. This process SUCKS! I have had this account for probably 15-20 years. Ridiculous!"
387 "، اغنية اغنية.
، و. ز...

B
.

B ،..
'. ر.
،de. ؟v؟؟.،،؟،"
388 "Interesting blog on company strategy ✍🏻 https://
medium.com/
@munsifmusthafa0
3/
embark-to-unders
tand-strategy-o
f-a-company-d6f
2dbbd78a6"
389 "Wi-Fi Wi-Fi"
390 "Worst customer service in the world."
391 "https://
medulhassan1998.
blogspot.com/
2021/10/
cricket_25.html?
m=1"
392 "https://
medulhassan1998.
blogspot.com/
?m=1&zx=f7cc604c
ad0a6563"
393 "Since when is kowtowing to murdering fascist authoritarian an acceptable moral position? Just asking Sundar Pichai. https://
apnews.com/
article/
technology-europ
e-business-russ
ia-vladimir-put
in-b811d32132c4
1840e1eb32c0242
35452"
394 "Care to discuss?

https://
www.cnbc.com/
2021/10/22/
google-to-remove
-youtube-apps-f
rom-roku.html?u
tm_content=Main
&utm_medium=Soc
ial&utm_source=
Facebook&fbclid
=IwAR0kKnGEWXzb
-DzJC8Hgor33ukF
e1cX1RrQA7MIO8E
ff2Owpg_uxRmQXH
tQ#Echobox=1634
910485"
395 "https://
youtube.com/
shorts/
odgty5BvcXw?feat
ure=share"
396 "Respond to your abuse requests, please! Nobody should wait 10 months for action!"
397 "Google Doodle celebrates Surrealist photographer - Claude Cahun => t.ly/9jHY
#ZINNAIPlus #ClaudeCahun #Claude #Cahun #MarcelMoore"
398 "Redeem the Pixel Buds A-Series promotion
US/CA only: If you're eligible for the Pixel Buds A-Series promotion but forgot to add Pixel Buds A-Series to your phone order, don’t worry. We’ll send an email by 3 November with next steps on how to redeem the offer."
399 "I have a Pixel 5a, purchased 8/26.
It's has static, drops calls and it on the edge of non usable. I have spent 2 hours trying to file a Warranty Claim. It like a game of Whack A Mole. I can't get though to support and I keep getting prompted to the same Help Pages OVER AND OVER AGAIN. I've clicked on every possible issue. I made a claim with Assurant and they told me to contact Google. I paid you for Preferred Care."
400 "https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
134128922056076/
?ref=share"
401 "https://
biblescripture.n
et/
Commandments.htm
l http://
www.buddhanet.ne
t/.../history/
devotion/
devotion09.htm Vaccine means declare and register your Birthmarriage with the Government. Just like Government Law Ten Commandments Sayz 🏥✌🗽 have a good Nuclear Family. Flintstones. Pebbles and Bammbamm Birthmarriage. https://
archive.org/.../
TheFlintstone...
/page/11/mode/
2up... Five eight Precepts"
402 "Urgent - to all Music Directors “MonsterMash2020
.com”
Recorded with Lisa Lowell and Soozie Tyrell who did background vocals for Mick Jagger and Bruce Springsteen “in the studio and live”
Now they have done background vocals on Jett Fox’s “MonsterMash2020
.com”
Happy Halloween to All…
Thank you,
Jett Fox"
403 "Castberg Michael"
404 "Also hm why ask a phone company to make a smaller phone why not just go look for a smaller phone??"
405 "Raimondas Marciulevičius"
406 "Do a frigging search of ""bookmark"" that I just wrote on this page....nowhere
to be found. Chronic Dysfunction is the norm with these tech and social media companies."
407 "No the wait is not over it is just beginning. Terrible rollout of a flagship product. Delivery date of January 22 WTH? If you weren't ready to launch you should have postponed. I am sure the folks at Apple are having a great laugh. Order my kids Apple 13 it arrives in 3 days, I order myself a Pixel Pro 6 and I have to wait 3 months!!!! This was the product to put you in the big leagues, it looks like you took a swing and missed. If you hype your product but can't get it in the hands of your customers that is a fail..

#heygoogle
#pixel6
#pixellaunchfail
#pixel6launch"
408 "'The fight between Roku and Google arose from a 2019 agreement to allow YouTube TV on Roku. Roku said that Google has demanded special access to search data from Roku customers as a condition to allowing YouTube on the Roku platform. Roku also claimed that Google asked for prioritized search results for YouTube videos in Roku’s search feature.'https://
www.breitbart.co
m/politics/
2021/10/22/
roku-googles-dec
ision-to-pull-a
pps-from-roku-a
nother-case-of-
monopoly-conduc
t/"
409 "my youtube account was hacked??? can someone unhack? thanks ."
410 "Please make it available in Singapore"
411 "No thanks!"
412 "Only 3 years of Android updates? After many Nexus and Pixel phones, I'll be looking at the competition!

https://
www.theverge.com
/2021/10/19/
22735485/
google-pixel-6-t
hree-years-andr
oid-updates-sec
urity-feature"
413 "The latest ball and chain."
414 "Mark Podhorecki"
415 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
416 "Google son of a bitch thief ... Google Earth or terravision ??"
417 "Google, I placed an order and 24 hrs later it was cancelled. No way to reach customer service, please provide a better experience."
418 "and guaranteed to let the government know everything you are doing..."
419 "نءزؤنؤنءنتؤوؤنؤ
وؤنؤتستءتءتءتيت
ؤتتؤؤتتؤتؤتؤؤتت
ؤتؤتؤةؤةستسنشتش
شتاءءت-°°^ذتذتت
شءتوشنوذةسنءءتذ
تتستتءستششتتساء
ش"
420 "نسؤزؤنتاتسزوءوء
وءةءءنءنوءءووءز
ءوءووءءتءتءووءت
ءءتءتتءءتتءتءءت
ءتءتتءتءوءتؤتءت
ءتسستتءتءتءتستس
تءاءاستساسااساي"
421 "ممذظمنيزؤژشتءزز
ذءززءزؤنءزءنتءت
ذتذذتءتستءتؤتتؤ
ؤتاؤاؤؤتؤاؤاؤاؤ
ويوتستساؤاؤءتءو
ؤةسوستسةءزسسزءء
وءزءسسنؤاييتيتي
اؤاءاؤاؤاؤلءلء"
422 "It will not do for a man to say"
423 "Under no circumstances should the IRS have the authority to spy on Americans’ bank accounts."
424 ⛳
425 "follow us please 😊😊😊

https://
www.facebook.com
/LotLogo/"
426 "Looks amazing."
427 "Google People

The City of Anaheim denied a Conditional Use Permit for Grandma's House of Hope even though the house was an 8 bedroom, 4500 sq ft house for homeless women suffering from serious and persistent mental illness.

This Is the email from the CEO at GHH:

Blessings Collaborative Members,

I am reaching out for assistance in a very important matter. Grandma’s House of Hope operates numerous shelter sites in Anaheim to serve vulnerable women with disabilities experiencing trauma of homelessness. We do so in residential neighborhoods coexisting peacefully with the neighbors and providing a home environment to our participants who need a safe space to heal. Whenever we have more than six individuals living in a house, we must apply to the City of Anaheim for a Conditional Use Permit (CUP) and supply information on the proposed project and target population. We have been successful in every application we have submitted in our 17 year history and have ultimately won over even our most skeptical of neighbors.

However, recently we applied for a CUP to operate an 8 bedroom, 4500 sq ft house for homeless women suffering from serious and persistent mental illness who may or may not have developed a substance use disorder as a result. This was the first time we specified a target population of serving those with mental health diagnosis.

Of note: The participants in this program have already been connected to a mental health clinic, diagnosed and given a treatment plan and referred to the OCHCA, who then assesses them for placement in our program. These participants are not required to come into our program and do this of their own free will, expressing their desire to receive services and WANT HELP to change their circumstances.

The neighborhood banded together in a mob-like way during the Planning Commission meeting and spouted the most hateful and discriminatory speech you can imagine. The Planning Commission caved and denied our permit although the staff report had already addressed the issues brought up and found there to be no evidence that there would be an adverse impact on the surrounding neighbors. There was no effort made to ask if any of their concerns could be mitigated and overcome and when I offered to do so, I was shouted into silence by the crowd. The situation was so disturbing that the City Attorney for Anaheim also made a point to caution the commission that denying the permit could be considered as a violation of the Americas with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Housing Accountability Act (HAA).

Needless to say, we are appealing this decision and will be going before the City Council to defend our project on October 26th at 5pm at Anaheim City Hall. Depending on the outcome of that appeal, we plan to evaluate our legal options, should the City Council uphold the Planning Commission’s decision to deny the CUP. The legal findings that support our cause are detailed in the separate downloadable attachment provided below.

It would mean a great deal to us if you would write a letter of support for Grandma’s House of Hope. We have drafted a letter that you may use, or you are welcome to express your support in your own words. We would also love to have your support in person if you are able to attend the City Council meeting

You can send your letters via email to njtaylor@anahei
m.net Re: Cup Dev2021-06106
Please cc: jkreitner@grand
mashouseofhope.
org

At the Planning Commission on August 30, we were blindsided by over 85 attendees speaking out against our CUP. They intentionally organized a last minute deluge of protest letters which were submitted after 12 PM on August 30th, our hearing date, and showed up en masse for the first planning commission meeting which was the first in person hearing allowed since the start of the pandemic. The following day, Anaheim announced it would be cancelling all October annual events as a result of the Delta Virus.

This time we hope you will show up as well, and help us exceed their numbers and vocalize our belief that all people, under the Americans with Disabilities Act, should be treated with dignity, equity, and the right to safe housing in Anaheim, The City of Kindness.

Please attend and voice your support for those experiencing homelessness with a mental health disability.

You can attend the October 26th meeting IN PERSON at:

Anaheim City Hall
200 S. Anaheim Blvd.
Anaheim, CA 92805
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Je'net Kreitner
Founder & CEO

https://
www.grandmashous
eofhope.org/"
428 "quit signing me out of my emai,,l horsecrap clowns"
429 "https://
youtu.be/
C-Kr_YtBaWI"
430 scam
431 "One;Opportunity
*🏆*"
432 "https://
youtu.be/
QyK8zko2Dfo"
433 "Abody Jafar
فلوسي على فلوسك و نجيب فايف و سكس برو 😂 كل اسبوع يم واحد"
434 "Matt Dudenake"
435 "Please help me I can’t get into my Gmail account and the recovery number is not my phone number all my work and files are on there please help me recover my account"
436 "Fung Sauwah"
437 "I think this smartphones pictures are so goods goods and so goods big and so goods beautiful. Please work on smaller size with same amazing pictures power and pixel tools. Thank you for your services. Thank you for sharing thank you so much that’s right all right ok no problems me too see you soon see you later good luck good job you are welcome,"
438 "Fix-Runner.com 😃👍🏻 FREE website checkup & more!"
439 "Busy, busy"
440 "I don't know where my Gmail ID is logged in or help me get my Gmail IDI don't know my Gmail ID password I don't get my Gmail ID code once mobile numberPlease help improve this article or section by expanding it"
441 Scammers
442 "Google spy 6 pro"
443 "The phone number to Google is 1-855-836-3987.
I called like 10 mins ago. It said because of the pandemic they have a limited staff( they can't answer the phones I guess ) so it just told me to go to google.com /suppprt"
444 ##FUCKJOEBIDEN
445 "GET LOST"
446 "#FuckNancyPelosi
#FuckJoeBiden
#FuckChuckSchume
r
#FuckGavinNewsom

https://
www.dailymail.co
.uk/news/
article-9177191/
Chuck-Schumer-sa
ys-Donald-Trump
-incited-ERECTI
ON-instead-insu
rrection.html?c
i=70853&si=2078
2662"
447 "I want to learn DART and FLUTTER. I also want to be Google certified. I know nothing about coding. How do I accomplish these goals?"
448 "Abdullah Aşur"
449 "Abdullah Aşur"
450 "YOU TUBE STOP LALATE NEWS SANTA MONICA FROM REPORTING FALSE STIMULOUS NEWS EVERY DAY"
451 "Abdullah Aşur"
452 "does it make and recive phone calls?"
453 "Ww,S,wz,, aaa wz q@,,,،ص،@،"
454 ,,,,,,z,,2
455 Xnxx
456 Mathit
457 "Google, do not ever back-door install something on my PC again without my permission. I will use Backup and Sync until you absolutely won't let me and then I will evaluate whether I will continue to use your service based on whether you listened to the Google Drive community's feedback or not."
458 "Since you are a top 20 donor to Senator Kyrsten Sinema,I will never use you until she votes to carve out the filibuster rule to exclude the voting rights legislation"
459 "Good day to everyone, I need a little assistance i have been having problems with my Google,Google chrome,Gmail, playstore, for two weeks now none of these applications is opening on my phone and I have been trying to resolve it but to no avail.
With Gmail, I haven't received any emails for two weeks now.
With the Google and Google chrome when I search for something it will just load and then tell me that no connection for two weeks
With the playstore, it has stopped opening at all no matter the strength of the network
And also YouTube has also stopped, am only able to view downloaded videos offline.
Will really appreciate any help 🙏"
460 super
461 wow
462 "Sad thing is. Me, and millions of others won't be listed to. Sad!"
463 "Please am having issues with my gmail account, is more than a two months now I have been locked out of my Google account please help me to gain back access to my Google account."
464 "Đậu Thanh"
465 "Hello Google, I have my main account from Google Play. The account was suspended in 2017 because the account was stolen and the account belongs to me and I have all the evidence for that email and password and for the time I created the account, but I do not have the phone number that the hacker put on my account. I hope to respond and solve my problem"
466 "Error error error error... c'mon with the checkout issues already. First time releasing a product? It's ridiculous."
467 "Please like my page for support🙏"
468 "https://
www.facebook.com
/BlackSeaYouth/
photos/
a.12828227601727
1/
239767841535380/"
469 "https://
www.facebook.com
/alzammaantv/
يمكنكم متابعة الصفحة على الرابط"
470 "Ugggh... So first this:
500. That’s an error.
There was an error. Please try again later. That’s all we know.
Then at Checkout this:
It’s not you, it’s us. We’re working on fixing the problem. Check back soon.
Error code: R013

It's pretty awkward for a company touting their cloud program to not anticipate heavy loads and crashing like this.
So finally you've fix things and I go back to checkout but the promotion you had for the earbuds which was in my bag is no longer available because they sold out.... Grrrrr so yes I was able to get the phone on ore order but your mess up screwed me out of the buds! Google I think you need to do some kind of raincheck for your customers!!"
471 "القول السديد في صحة نكاح المرأة بلا ولي
مع التقليد لشمس الأئمة شيخ الاسلام محمد الانبابي (ت1313 هـ )- دراسة وتحقيق-
سوف يتم تحقيق هذا المخطوط ان شاء الله نشرته في هذه الصفحة من اجل التعميم"
472 "سلام عليكم ٣"
473 "https://
media0.giphy.com
/media/
xtAABoirRnULjKpb
gS/
giphy.gif?cid=5e
214886c3c862282
ec06c57192819b7
9b11be266d3e180
8&rid=giphy.gif
&ct=g"
474 "https://
media1.giphy.com
/media/
UZl69BtEsB1xXpWv
TK/
giphy.gif?cid=5e
2148868d8990cbe
9e4e6df2a43104b
3c47f35d614d66f
8&rid=giphy.gif
&ct=g"
475 "You guys pulled some swine bag moves. Offer people free Pixel Buds with a pre-order Pixel 6...but you need to add it to your cart manually instead of you guys just including it in your pre-order of the phone.

By the time you add the Pixel Buds to your cart...you lose the phone you had in your cart...and then you get no phone and no buds.

For a multi-billion dollar company, the launch of the Pixel 6 was a disaster. Maybe you should rent servers from Apple...that's how a proper launch is done.

And WTF are you doing with the Canada pre orders??? Are you Fu*king serious?

White - 128GB only
Sunny - 128GB only
Black - 256GB max storage option

I will be taking my business elsewhere."
476 "Rafsana Razmi Orin
Get me one,babe💚💚"
477 "Google could at least provide 5 years of Android OS updates not 3 years. I wonder if the Tensor going to make any difference for the shelf life of their phones compared to the iPhones"
478 "Why are Pixel phones not sold in Norway? Is it because Appel has refused you to sell them in Scandinavia. 🙁"
479 "Ilia Karageorgiou"
480 "Google
#BangladeshiHind
uWantSafety #SaveBangladeshi
Hindus #WeDemandSafety #StopCommunalAtt
ack"
481 "Available soon to Singapore?"
482 "Wow it's amazing..."
483 "Chivas Regal"
484 "Great , but not available in Singapore !

Why why why ?"
485 "Please enable back security widevine to L1 on pixel 4xl,its still L3 even with new android 12 updates,n i still cant watch Netflix in hdr, please google Google #googlepixel"
486 "Irritated with Google I gave placed an order 4 times each time Google cancels the order with no information and you can't get through to anyone what the hell google?!?!?!"
487 "Got my order placed after 2hrs only for Google to cancel it a few minutes later. Long time Nexus and Pixel user here. WHY GOOGLE WHY?"
488 "'Pros' don't want their content ruined by a curved edge screen. Who here has a curved edge computer display? Anyone? That's right, NO ONE BECAUSE THEY DON'T EXIST BECAUSE THE CONTENT SHOULDN'T BEND AWAY FROM YOU AT THE EDGES"
489 "https://
www.dailymotion.
com/video/
x7xbb7x & https://
www.altavod.com/
content/nde"
490 "Spent an hour trying to order from Google store. Went to Verizon and spent 2 min. It will be here on the 28th"
491 Jennifer
492 "If you are trading in your phone watch out how your trading it in!! Going through our Google Fi account my phone trade in is 110 vs the Google store at 175. My husband's is 250 through Fi vs 405 through the store....oh but you get pixel buds later on for free through your fi account!! 😳"
493 "Kevin Spaulding"
494 "Google How can Pre-Orders be ""Out of Stock"". Why won't you take my money? 😡"
495 "From Google p6p pre order page fine print ""Unlocked Pixel is NOT COMPATIBLE with millimeter wave (mmWave) networks. See g.co/pixel/
networkinfo."" [CAPS added]"
496 "No mmWave for unlocked and T-mobile Pixel 6 Pros?"
497 "Too bad nobody can get one! Way to completely and totally fail a launch! Don't you guys have enough money to pay competent people?"
498 "All that fancy video garbage and you're outta stock? What an utter disappointment"
499 "Don't bother all sold out now"
500 "Nothing like releasing a new phone and nobody being able to buy it before it sold out.......sound
s like you let the bots buy everything up....."
501 0924898764
502 "لايوجد متجر في المغرب 😔"
503 "Google I can't order the Pixel 6 Pro because I can't connect to Verizon through your site, but have no issues connecting to Verizon on their website - are you working to resolve this ASAP?!"
504 "Wait is over? Now we have to wait for Google Store to work and then for the devices to be back in stock. Have to buy 3 unlocked phones and the Google Store has gone up in flames. Nothing works. Tried all browsers, different colors, models, trade-in/
without. After years of waiting and months of excitement, the last hour has been terrible."
505 "Not cool. Finally got the phones I wanted into my cart, then took an hour and 30 minutes trying to check out. Finally, the system emptied my cart saying that the phones I wanted was out of stock. By the time I was able to get back into the pre-order screen, all phones were out of stock."
506 "The wait is nowhere near over. I went to pre-order a 6 Pro within minutes of the launch and got endless errors. I added the phone, buds and protection to my cart to get the bud discount but then when I got to the checkout page I have gotten nothing but errors since. It's coming up on two hours and now my cart shows only two items rather than three but I can't even see what they are. If the phone I have been trying to buy nonstop is now sold out then I'll and up buying an iPhone. Your incompetence in this launch is astounding."
507 "Checkout is broken, congrats!"
508 "Started at minute one, couldn't add to cart, after 45 minutes I could add to cart, but not checkout, after another hour of that, all the phones I've been trying to buy for almost two hours are ""sold out""...

Time for Google official annual ""Pixel Launch/Ball drop extravaganza""

Absolutely ridiculous for one of the biggest companies in the world to not even be able to handle a standard phone launch.

Google has been screwing these launches up for a freaking DECADE, figure it out!"
509 "Arnob Datta"
510 "Too much Preorders have crashed the Google store. # Pixel 6 the most awaited phone of the year"
511 "1:17 CST update - After an hour of errors which included 500, ""it's not you it's us"" and not being able to add a shipping address due to another ridiculous error now everything is magically sold out

Google - you failed."
512 "Atipat Chansai"
513 "Maybe MUCH PARTY ghosts John know PARTY likely ilcom option sss can come BDH SIA do ing BDH more you"
514 "The product page touts ""representation
"", ""inclusion"" and ""diversity"" to a ridiculous amount. However, I'd hate to say it, but the size of this is misogynist and racist. Made for big hands. Forgive me if I am wrong, but most Asian [and/or] women will not be able to hold this comfortably with one hand."
515 "Hey Google. I'm trying to throw $2,000 at you and your store won't work....."
516 "Louisa Shepherd have a look at this one!"
517 "Imagine a tech giant that doesn't prepare for its new flagship phone release and has enough cloud/server/
database capacity for its own store to function properly...

Google, I'm looking at you."
518 "First this:
500. That’s an error.
There was an error. Please try again later. That’s all we know.
Then at Checkout this:
It’s not you, it’s us. We’re working on fixing the problem. Check back soon.
Error code: R013

It's pretty awkward for a company touting their cloud program to not anticipate heavy loads and crashing like this."
519 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
520 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
521 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
522 "kinda sucks...like all google phones"
523 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHindus
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHumanity"
524 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus
#StopCommunalAtt
ack
#SaveOurCommunit
y
#SaveHindus
#WeDemandJustice
#SaveHumanity"
525 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
526 "#SaveBangladeshi
Hindus"
527 "Can you please stop using fed ex !!! Only complaint"
528 "https://
www.facebook.com
/BlackSeaYouth/
posts/
239767981535366"
529 "Would this apply to learning centres in South Africa too at some point or are there similar programs available?"
530 "You locked me out of my Google account and my term papers are in there. Please for the love of God help me get back in. I've tried everything. What Google God did I make mad for this to happen to me. Keep the accounts I don't care just send me back my term papers 😭"
531 "Just finished the Google Project Management program and really liked it"
532 "Should the rest of the world buy the idea that google serves the yankees only"
533 "Literally win win 🏆 Google is fishing all the potential brain into right direction in order to be dominant in market by providing its all resource to them. It brings more and better experienced people this way.👍"
534 🦁🔥❣️
535 "We want a function that finds the name of the movie on TV"
536 "I know 😏 for sure u and Mozilla Firefox beefing.. I know Gmail being with outlook also... I know for sure Samsung and iphone beffing. Don't let me get started on YouTube and Facebook"
537 "I'm done with Technical support fundamentals system but it says I'm not done because I have opened Linux folder from the qwiklabs 💔😥😥😥I have worked so hard to not obtain my certificate 😭😭😭😭"
538 "All except Syria 🙁
No certificates for Syrian 🙁"
539 💔😥
540 "Theyre doing damage control 🤣😂"
541 "KhinThiri May"
542 .
543 "How about Asian people?"
544 "What about Canada"
545 "This is awesome! Thank you for making these certificates free. The more people that can gain helpful knowledge, the better"
546 "Are they giving back what Netlist deserves?"
547 "Hi google you are beautiful"
548 "This is new."
549 "https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-3
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-1
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-4
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-291
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-140
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-249
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-340
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-341
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-371
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-283
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-360
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-231
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-230
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-238
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-311
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-376
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-373
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-378
https://
www.artpal.com/
livestreamingfm?
i=213847-304
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-325
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-287
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-163
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-296
https://
www.ArtPal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-303
https://
www.artpal.com/
LIVESTREAMINGFM?
i=213847-336
https://
www.pinterest.co
m/3DARTPRINTS"
550 "Thanks you please."
551 "من هنا يبداء هيثم ناشر Haithim Nasher"
552 "Karla Orozco"
553 "Google just deleted my ENTIRE gmail, everything, all of it.... no trace of any messages in archive, nothing comes up in my search... wtf, why did this happen Google? I went through the Support process and your Google engine literally said ""All your emails from ever ever have been deleted, and they cannot be recovered, and we cannot help you at this time"". This is literally ridiculous."
554 "Diego / Diego / Camila"
555 "Itz Darl Coast"
556 "النصيحة بجمل 🐫

يحكى أن رجلا ضاقت به سبل العيش، فقرر أن يسافر بحثا عن الرزق، فترك بيته وأهله وسار بعيدا، وقادته الخطى إلى بيت أحد #التجار الذي رحب به وأكرم وفادته، ولما عرف حاجته عرض عليه أن يعمل عنده، فوافق الرجل على الفور، وعمل عند التاجر #يرعى_اﻹبل وبعد عدة سنوات اشتاق فيها الرجل لبيته ورؤية أهله وأبنائه، فأخبر التاجر عن رغبته في العودة إلى #بلده، فعزّ عليه فراقه لصدقه وأمانته، فكافأه وأعطاه بعضا من اﻹبل والماشية.

سار الرجل عائدا إلى أهله، وبعد أن قطع مسافة طويلة في الصحراء القاحلة، رأي #شيخا جالسا على قارعة الطريق، ليس عنده شيء سوى خيمة منصوبة بجانب الطريق، وعندما وصل إليه حيّاه وسأله ماذا يعمل لوحده في هذا المكان الخالي وتحت حر الشمس،
فقال له: أنا أعمل في التجارة.
فعجب الرجل وقال له: وما هي تجارتك؟
فقال له الشيخ: أنا #أبيع_نصائح،
فقال الرجل: وبكم النصيحة؟!
فقال الشيخ: #كل_نصيحة_بجمل
فاطرق الرجل مفكرا في النصيحة وفي ثمنها الباهظ الذي عمل طويلا من أجل الحصول عليه، ولكنه في النهاية قرر أن يشتري نصيحة، فقال له: هات لي نصيحة.

فقال الشيخ: «إذا طلع سهيل لا تأمن للسيل»
قال في نفسه: ما لي ولسهيل في هذه #الصحراء_الموحشة، وماذا تنفعني هذه النصيحة في هذا الحر، وعندما وجد أنها لا تنفعه قال للشيخ: هات لي نصيحة اخرى وسأعطيك جملا آخر.

فقال له الشيخ: «لا تأمن لأبو عيون زرق وأسنان فُرْق».
تأمل صاحبنا هذه النصيحة أيضا وأدارها في فكره ولم يجد بها أي فائدة، فقال للشيخ هات النصيحة الثالثة وسأعطيك جملا آخر.

فقال له: «نام على النَّدَم ولا تنام على #الدم».
لم تكن النصيحة الثالثة بأفضل من سابقتيها، فترك الرجل ذلك الشيخ وأعطاه الجمال الثلاثة، وساق ما بقي معه من إبل وماشية وسار في طريقه عائدا إلى أهله عدة أيام نسي خلالها النصائح من كثرة التعب وشدة الحر.

وفي أحد اﻷيام أدركه المساء فوصل إلى قوم نصبوا خيامهم في قاع واد كبير، فتعشى عند أحدهم وبات عنده، وبينما كان يتأمل النجوم شاهد #نجم_سهيل، فتذكر النصيحة التي قالها له الشيخ فقام سريعا وأيقظ صاحب البيت وأخبره بقصة النصيحة، وطلب منه أن يخبر قومه حتى يخرجوا من قاع ذلك الوادي، ولكن المضيف لم يكترث له، فقال الرجل: والله لقد اشتريت النصيحة بجمل ولن أنام في قاع هذا الوادي، فقرر أن يبيت على مكان مرتفع، فأخذ إبله وماشيته وصعد إلى مكان مرتفع بجانب الوادي، وفي آخر الليل هطل المطر بشدة وجاء #السيل يهدر كالرعد، فهدم البيوت و #شرد_القوم.

وفي الصباح صار عائدا نحو أهله، وبعد يومين وصل إلى بيت في الصحراء، فرحب به صاحب البيت وكان رجلا نحيفا خفيف الحركة، وأخذ يزيد في الترحيب به والتودد إليه حتى أوجس منه خيفة، فنظر اليه وإذا به «ذو عيون زرْق وأسنان فُرْق» فقال: آه هذا الذي أوصاني عنه الشيخ، أن به نفس المواصفات لا ينقص منها شيء
وفي الليل تظاهر الرجل بأنه يريد أن يبيت خارج البيت قريبا من إبله وأغنامه وأخذ فراشه وجره في ناحية، ووضع حجارة تحت اللحاف، وانتحى مكانا غير بعيد يراقب منه حركات مضيفه، وبعد أن أيقن المضيف أن ضيفه قد نام، أخذ يقترب منه على رؤوس اصابعه حتى وصله ثم هوى عليه بسيفه بضربة شديدة، ولكن الضيف كان يقف وراءه، فقال له: لقد اشتريت النصيحة بجمل، ثم #ضربه_بسيفه فقتله، وساق إبله وماشيته وقفل عائدا نحو أهله.

وبعد مسيرة عدة أيام وصل ليلا إلى منطقة أهله، وسار ناحية بيته ودخله فوجد زوجته نائمة وبجانبها رجل، فاغتاظ لذلك ووضع يده على حسامه وأراد أن يهوي به على رؤوس الاثنين، وفجأة تذكر النصيحة الثالثة التي تقول «نام على الندم ولا تنام على الدم»، فهدأ وتركهم على حالهم، وخرج من البيت وعاد إلى أغنامه ونام عندها حتى الصباح.

وبعد شروق الشمس ساق إبله وأغنامه واقترب من البيت فعرفه الناس ورحبوا به، واستقبله أقاربه وقالوا له: لقد تركتنا فترة طويلة، انظر كيف كبر خلالها #ابنك حتى أصبح رجلا ونظر الرجل إلى ابنه وإذا به ذلك الشاب الذي كان ينام باﻷمس بجانب زوجته، فحمد الله على أن هداه إلى عدم قتلهم، وقال في نفسه: حقا.
كل نصيحة أحسن من جمل😊

☜ للمزيد من القصص والعبر الهادفة ⤵
تابع👍 صفحتنا ليصلك كل قصة📙 ومعلومة ننشرها !"
557 "uzair xxx.coming"
558 google.com
559 "Mohamed Ali"
